SCP-002 is to remain connected to a suitable power supply at all times, to keep it in what appears to be a recharging mode. In case of electrical outage, the emergency barrier between the object and the facility is to be closed and the immediate area evacuated. Once facility power is re-established, alternating bursts of X-ray and ultraviolet light must strobe the area until SCP-002 is re-affixed to the power supply and returned to recharging mode. Containment area is to be kept at negative air pressure at all times.
Teams including a minimum of two (2) members are required within 20 meters of SCP-002 or its containment area. Personnel should maintain physical contact with one another at all times to confirm there is another person present, as perception may be dulled, skewed, or influenced by proximity to the object.
No personnel below Level 3 are permitted within SCP-002. This requirement may be waived via written authorization from two (2) off-site Level 4 administrators. Command staff issued such a waiver must be escorted by at least five (5) Level 3 Security personnel for the duration of their contact and must temporarily surrender their rank and security clearance. Following contact, command staff will be escorted at least 5 km from SCP-002 to undergo a seventy-two (72)-hour quarantine and psychological evaluation. If deemed fit for return to duty by psych staff, rank and security clearance may be restored when quarantine expires.
SCP-003 is to be maintained at a constant temperature of no less than 35°C and ideally kept above 100°C. No living multicellular organisms of Category IV or higher complexity may be allowed to come into contact with SCP-003.
In event of total power failure, if SCP-003-1 begins to increase its mass, assigned personnel must engage in skin contact with SCP-003-1. Ideally, personnel may use their body heat to return SCP-003-1 to above the critical temperature; however, skin contact must be maintained even in event of SCP-003 reaching activation temperature, lasting at minimum until SCP-003-1 advances fully to its second growth stage.
Personnel who enter SCP-003's containment area must first be examined for body parasites of Category IV or higher complexity, and sterilized if such organisms are present. All personnel who have come in physical contact with SCP-003-1 are to immediately report for sterilization afterwards.
SCP-003-1 must not be removed from SCP-003-2 except in case of emergency procedures detailed above. Any significant change in SCP-003-2's rune activity (including pattern, frequency, or color) should be reported within three (3) hours of occurrence. Cessation of rune activity must be reported immediately. SCP-003-2 must be supplied with power via the source designated Generator 003-IX at all times.
When handling items SCP-004-2 through SCP-004-13, proper procedure is vital. The items are not permitted to be moved off-site unless accompanied by two Level 4 security personnel. Under no circumstances should any other component of SCP-004 be taken through SCP-004-1. The effects of doing so are as yet unknown, and the current cost of experimentation makes further research impractical. Should any of the objects contained within SCP-004-1 breach containment, or the facility be breached, the keys must be brought inside and the door closed prior to activation of Site 62’s on-site warhead. Unauthorized removal of keys from the testing area is grounds for immediate termination.
Level 1 clearance is required for basic access to SCP-004-1; Level 4 clearance is required for use of SCP-004-2 to -13.
SCP-005 poses no immediate risk in any direct sense. Even so, its unique functions require special measures be taken to restrict access and manipulation of the object. Approval of at least one (1) Level 4 personnel is required for the removal of the object from its containment area.
Whereas the nature of SCP-006 does not warrant any extensive containment, a certain level of secrecy is necessary regarding the object's existence and properties, for obvious reasons. The following procedures are required not for personnel safety, but to deny or hide knowledge of SCP-006's effects from the personnel who interact with it.
1: All personnel interacting with SCP-006 in any physical way are required to wear modified Class VI BNC suits. Before personnel are allowed to perform procedures, they must be briefed with Material SCP-006B or SCP-006C. SCP-006A Briefing is the correct one and is restricted to only those with O5 clearance. To ensure personnel are wearing suits properly, they are to be submerged into a pool of water. Any air bubbles spotted signify a leak in the suit.
2: Procedures with SCP-006 are to be carried out under extreme surveillance. In case of contact with SCP-006, the commander in charge will announce Procedure 006-Xi-12, which the personnel have been briefed to believe to mean high toxicity is present and they must evacuate.
3: Any procedure in which liquid is acquired from SCP-006 must be approved by three (3) O5 level personnel. The liquid is to be transferred in a Quad-Sealant Container and under armed guard.
4: If at any time personnel come into contact with SCP-006 or liquid from SCP-006, they are to be confined and terminated after sufficient studies are done. Due to the nature of SCP-006, the most effective termination method is incineration. (For full report, see file SCP006-TerO5)
SCP-007 is to be contained in a sealed room measuring 10 m on each side. Room is to be furnished comfortably as a living area, along with whatever items are requested by ███████████████ (hereafter referred to as Subject), given that providing Subject with requested items would not compromise security. Subject is not to be allowed to leave the room, and is to be detained with force if necessary.
SCP-008 samples have been deemed Class V extreme biological hazards, and all related protocols apply. Incineration and irradiation measures will be deployed in the event of political or military action which may result in the facility being dismantled; a power failure; or zero communications from operatives or outside channels during any given eight hour period.
The quarantine period for operatives leaving the facility is four months. If a breach has occurred, incineration and irradiation measures shall be deployed. It should be the policy of all G2 sites to not prepare an evacuation procedure.
Object is to be contained within a sealed storage tank of heat-resistant alloy with dimensions not less than 2m x 2m x 2m.
Under no circumstances should SCP-009 be exposed to temperatures in excess of 0°C when not undergoing testing, and no water-based solutions shall be allowed within 30 meters of the object's containment area. Object's chamber is to be fitted with temperature sensors which must be monitored at all times, and is to be kept refrigerated by no fewer than three (3) redundant cooling units. Any malfunction of sensors, or of coolant systems, is to be reported and repaired immediately. If at any time the temperature in the containment area climbs above -5°C, the chamber is to be locked down and flooded with coolant until temperatures return to safe levels (-30°C to -25°C).
Containment area is to be kept in total vacuum during testing, and personnel interacting with SCP-009 must wear full environmental protection gear. Following testing, all equipment, personnel, and other materials must undergo dehydration procedures and be quarantined for no less than 12 hours. Any moisture found displaying properties of SCP-009 is to be quarantined and added to the containment area as soon as possible. Living organisms found to be contaminated by SCP-009 are to be terminated by chemical dessication and extracted molecules of SCP-009 added to containment.
The objects comprising SCP-010 are to be kept in numbered locked boxes in a high security facility. They are not to be worn except by test subjects.
SCP-010 are only to be removed from storage for testing.
) days, local residents must be contacted and instructed not to approach the item.
[Containment procedures nullified 2004]
SCP-012 is to be kept in a darkened room at all times. If the object is exposed to light or seen by personnel using a light frequency other than infrared, remove personnel for mental health screening and immediate physical. Object is to be encased in an iron-shielded box, suspended from the ceiling with a minimum clearance of 2.5 m (8 ft) from the floor, walls, and any openings.
SCP-013 are to be kept in a Secure Storage Vault at Site-66. Exposed subjects are to be monitored for differences between their symptoms. Exposed subjects are to be interviewed daily, and any changes in perception are to be logged.
SCP-014 is to be kept in Site-██, in a chair with arms, preferably facing a window. Music should be supplied on a regular basis, preferably constantly. This music should not include pieces originating after 1937. A security camera should be present in SCP-014's room.
SCP-015 is impossible to move, and is contained on-site. A gap of at least 2 m (6 ft) needs to be maintained around the entire structure containing SCP-015 at all times, and no structures of any kind are to make contact with SCP-015's current containment structure. Exploration is permissible, but only in teams of three (3) with full safety lines and GPS tracking. Any protrusions from SCP-015 must be capped and sealed immediately, with the new site recorded and logged.
No aggressive action is to be made within SCP-015. No hand or power tools are allowed anywhere inside SCP-015. No repairs or maintenance are to be made anywhere on SCP-015.
SCP-016 is to remain within the confines of a five by five by five (5x5x5) meter room at all times, maintained at a temperature not to exceed zero (0) degrees Celsius. SCP-016 itself is to remain in the petri dish in the containment cube at all times unless directed otherwise by Level 4 or O5 personnel. Full documentation of experimentation with SCP-016 must be submitted before and after samples and duplicates of SCP-016 may be taken. Failure to follow these procedures will result in termination or reassignment as Class-D Personnel. Only authorized personnel may be permitted to obtain samples of and experiment with SCP-016 under BC-L5 containment conditions.
If an outbreak does occur despite following the aforementioned procedures, directive base personnel are to implement a Code Sigma lockdown and containment plan. Infected personnel are to be terminated on site by security forces wearing standard Mission Oriented Protective Posture (MOPP) anti-biological and anti-chemical equipment. Should the infection not be contained after 48 hours, the on-site nuclear device is to be detonated. Remaining personnel are not to be evacuated under any circumstances.
SCP-016 has been shown to survive for up to six (6) hours on hard surfaces, and up to several minutes in air. High intensity ultraviolet light and high concentrations of ortho-phthalaldehyde solution have been demonstrated to be effective in disinfecting non-organic surfaces.
SCP-017 is contained in an acrylic glass cage, 100 cm by 50 cm by 50 cm, centrally suspended in a concrete room measuring 6 m by 6 m by 4 m. Attached to the walls, ceiling, and floor of the room are high-intensity arc lamp spotlights pointed directly at the acrylic cage, to ensure that SCP-017 is constantly exposed to light from every angle. Personnel assigned to the SCP-017 control room are to monitor the functionality of the spotlights and the emergency generator system and call for maintenance immediately upon knowledge of a burnt-out lamp or an issue with the generator.
The only circumstance under which personnel are allowed entrance is to replace lamps. Personnel entering the room are required to wear the designated full-body reflective suits, and must be cautioned not to step in front of functional spotlights.
SCP-018 is to be contained in its specialty metal restraint inside of a 1 m by 1 m by 1 m sealed box lined with heavy synthetic padding. The sealed box is then submerged in the center of the 10 m by 10 m by 10 m polyethylene holding tank. If SCP-018 is to break free from the holding box, the polyethylene-based 'goo' will slow down kinetic activity enough for proper retrieval by containment personnel. Personnel entering SCP-018's holding chamber are to wear specialized plating (found inside of SCP-018 Observation), and a breathing apparatus before being lowered into the polyethylene tank. If SCP-018 is loose outside of the polyethylene tank, personnel are advised to secure themselves in a separate room and close doorways or hatches to isolate SCP-018 until containment teams arrive.
SCP-019 is to be kept on a wide grate in a 3 m x 3 m x 4 m reinforced concrete room, installed with an incinerator. Room is to be kept at zero (0) degrees Celsius when incinerator is not activated. An observation chamber separated by a plate glass window is to be used for constant observation of SCP-019, and if/when specimens of SCP-019-2 are observed, the incinerator is to be activated. In the event of an outbreak of SCP-019-2, ordinary firearms are successful in terminating individual specimens, although in the case of a swarm-level outbreak, flamethrowers may be more effective. SCP-019 should be kept in a vertical position at all times.
Samples of SCP-020 are stored in a series of sealed cultivation chambers inside a sealed containment room at Biological Research Area-12 which is accessible only via airlock. Nutrients are administered via automated robotic systems, as the cultivation chamber must remain sealed at all times.
Hermetically sealed video surveillance cameras are installed within the containment room, and must be checked daily for integrity. Any personnel entering the containment room must wear Biosafety Level 5 equipment including rebreathers and undergo full anti-fungal disinfection upon exiting.
SCP-021 is an obligate parasite of the human body. Containment, therefore, is no more difficult than containing an adult human; most cells will suffice. , he is exempt from normal monthly terminations of class D personnel.
A vault door has been installed following Incident 022-827 to seal SCP-022. It is to remain locked at all times, with the sole exception being the appearance of an instance of SCP-022-1. The original door to SCP-022 was destroyed during Incident 022-827, with attempts at replacement being met with failure. Security cameras have been installed to monitor for instances of SCP-022-1.
In the event that an instance of SCP-022-1 appears, automated systems should incinerate it the moment it leaves SCP-022. At this point the vault door may be unlocked to admit cleanup crews. Should the automated systems fail to destroy the instance of SCP-022-1, response teams are cleared to enter and neutralize it. Under no circumstances may any living human enter SCP-022 except at the order of Class-4 personnel for testing purposes. Class-4 personnel may also order instances of SCP-022-1 to be captured and held; however, they may not be removed from SCP-022 containment facilities.
SCP-023 is to be contained in a standard 5 x 5 m Containment Unit. SCP-023 is to be contained in a walled-off intersection of two (2) corridors at Site ██, with at least three (3) meters of space in each direction, and false doors at three (3) of the four (4) ends, in addition to the real door. Security cameras will be placed and maintained above all four (4) doors.
At all times, SCP-023's eye sockets are to be filled with spherical inserts made of hard rubber. Eye inserts must be replaced as they degrade. Degradation can be monitored by measuring the brightness of the "burning" effect as observed by security footage. Brightness greater than 12 candela requires that the inserts be replaced within twelve (12) hours. Eye inserts are only to be replaced individually, and only after the sun has completely set. Personnel are not to look directly into eye sockets of SCP-023 at any time.
Following Incident 023-27 all reflective surfaces, including displays, monitors, and eye-wear of any sort are not permitted within 30 meters of SCP-023's cell. This includes monitors linked to security cameras within its enclosure. Security personnel posted at checkpoints outside both corridors will enforce and adhere to this measure.
Experimentation involving SCP-023 has been suspended indefinitely.
Due to its nature, SCP-024 cannot be moved to a secure location so security measures must be placed on-site. To conceal its location, five (5) identical-looking replicas have been erected around SCP-024. A tight security perimeter must be maintained around SCP-024's compound at all times, with separate security teams guarding SCP-024 and its replicas. None of the security teams, except for team leaders, will be informed of the location of SCP-024. SCP-024 must be secured with magnetically sealed blast doors and reinforced, armored walls to prevent unauthorized entry.
Under no circumstances can any security or research personnel enter SCP-024. Only D-Class personnel are allowed entry and strictly for research purposes only. All researchers are to observe and experiment with SCP-024 from the remote observation lab. Any personnel attempting to leave the remote observation lab or enter SCP-024 without prior approval from a Level 4 researcher must be immediately apprehended, with termination authorized.
Should containment be breached, or SCP-024's true nature compromised, then the entire compound must be destroyed via specialized demolition charges planted throughout the compound.
SCP-025 is only to be opened during testing, as is the room in which SCP-025 is stored. Entry codes are to be given only to authorized research and security personnel. No other containment protocols required.
SCP-026 is to remain securely locked and boarded up at all times when there is no research ongoing. Alarms are set to alert the Foundation in case of entry by civilians or other agencies.
The host of SCP-027 (currently subject 027-02) is to be kept in a 5 m x 5 m containment cell with a grated, raised floor connected to a strong vacuum system. All creatures removed from the Subject's containment cell are to be incinerated, except for a small portion to be diverted for analysis and necropsy. The cell is to be cleaned and inspected for structural damage daily.
Subject 027-02 must be monitored by at least two personnel at all times. Any unusual behavior or vital signs on the part of the subject or the appearance of any unusual species in the subject’s vicinity must immediately be reported to Level 4 personnel.
Security personnel assigned to SCP-027 must be inoculated against all known animal-borne pathogens and must be armed with tranquilizer guns, with standing orders to subdue the subject if the need arises.
Until SCP-027 is better understood, no personnel of Level 4 Clearance or higher should approach within 200 m of the Subject.
No special means are needed to contain at this time, as SCP-028 has not shown any change in size, position or shape during the entire period of its containment, but access must be restricted. Currently, SCP-028 is contained on site (Site █), as SCP-028 is not transportable by any known means. SCP-028 is sealed in a six (6) by six (6) by three (3) meter (twenty (20) by twenty (20) by ten (10) foot) concrete room with a single door, with two (2) armed personnel stationed outside. Only authorized personnel are to be allowed exposure to SCP-028, and extreme care must be taken at all times. While SCP-028 is itself harmless, the effect can be very damaging to the unprepared. (See document EL-028-1125)
SCP-029 is to be incarcerated in a Class 5 containment cell. She is to be allowed access to nothing of a physical nature. Her containment cell is to be placed behind a triple airlock, to avoid her escape. As of Incident 029-34a, SCP-029 is no longer to be fed, as she does not appear to need sustenance to survive. There are to be three (3) guards on duty at all times on her cell, and two (2) guards on monitor duty.
Floodlights have been installed in the walls of the containment chamber, and are to be on at all times. Once a month the chamber is to be cleaned and checked for defects.
Under absolutely no circumstances are any men to encounter SCP-029 in any manner. Any males who do encounter SCP-029 are to be held under Class 3 detention for interviewing before termination.
SCP-029 has requested:

A bed (Denied)
A blanket (Denied)
Books (Denied)
Clothes (Denied)

This is ridiculous! The girl can't even have clothes? We are not animals, let her cover herself! -Dr. Ericka Bodeen
Dr. Bodeen, you are granted permission to deliver clothes to SCP-029. -Dr. Light
As of incident 029-53b, anyone who has potential access to SCP-029 is required to first watch Surveillance Tape 029-Bodeen, as a reminder of threats involved when working with SCP items and SCP-029 in particular.
SCP-030 is to be held at Site-17 within a modified humanoid containment cell. Minor adaptations to accommodate its stature, such as an appropriately-scaled workspace and chair, are to be included. Lighting within the cell may be altered upon request of SCP-030 to a maximum of 2000 lumens via a simple dimmer switch. Should the need to render SCP-030 inert arise, staff may extinguish the lighting from the exterior switch and draw blackout curtains as necessary. Standard night-vision equipment is available for observation of SCP-030 in its inert state.
SCP-030 may request materials for personal research every 90 days. All previously requested materials are to be collected and destroyed prior to delivery of new materials. All materials are to be evaluated and screened by both research and security staff. SCP-030 is to be denied access to any modern scientific journals or texts, and fiction is to be restricted to works produced no later than 1623 CE to preserve the integrity of its innate knowledge.
Staff wishing to consult with SCP-030 in writing are to place a formal request (document #030-RS/B) with the supervising researcher on duty. All correspondence is to be retained. Staff wishing to consult with SCP-030 in person are to submit a formal request to site management (documents 030-RP/A, 17-030/A) at least 30 days prior to their preferred consultation date. All consultations are to be recorded and retained. Senior research staff may request SCP-030 be temporarily removed from its containment for a maximum of one hour to provide observational insight into non-restricted materials or events within Site-17. Under no circumstances is SCP-030 to leave the confines of Site-17. Requests must be presented in person to site management and security staff at least 30 days prior to their preferred observational release date. All observational release events are to be recorded and retained. SCP-030 has been equipped with a tracking device (inventory control code #030-17-1) so its location within Site-17 may be determined precisely at any time.
SCP-031 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. Personnel interacting with SCP-031 are not to view it directly, and communicate with test subjects through an intercom system installed in each chamber. The containment chamber is to be cleaned once per week by custodial staff wearing opaque goggles to mitigate SCP-031's effect.
SCP-032 is to be housed in Automated Containment Unit 535/15. Direct contact with SCP-032 is to be restricted to research-relevant tasks only. Interviews, if deemed necessary, are to be carried out using the Unit's remote communication array. While SCP-032's presence is not directly harmful to the human body, exposure to it is to be limited to periods of 12 hours or less due to its adverse effects on most beneficial microorganisms. SCP-032 is not to be exposed to any biological material not refined or otherwise tempered by humanity, with an emphasis on non-human living entities. For full list of classifications, see Document-032-RCL. SCP-032 neither requires nor requested substances or other forms of comfort.
SCP-033 should be inscribed on any single sheet of irregularly-shaped and hand-crafted paper, papyrus, canvas or vellum when not involved in active observation or study. The dimensions of the paper-like product should have no parallel borders, no right angles, and no side's length should be equal to any other (033-Safe dimensions). When contained in this manner, the paper-like product should be secured in a locked non-combination storage vault at least 30 meters from any computing or recording device. Logs for check-out or check-in of SCP-033 should be filled out at the minimum safe distance of 30 meters to avoid possible contamination of the paper product or electronic device the log is kept in.
When removed for study, SCP-033 can be copied to a white/chalkboard with 033-Safe dimensions by Class D staff. Upon transfer to the white/chalkboard, the paper-like product that had contained SCP-033 should be incinerated. Observation and study should take place in a secured conference room at least 30 meters from any computing or recording device for the maximum 2560 second viewing window. All observations or notes should be made on 033-Safe materials. Under no circumstances should any notes regarding SCP-033 leave the storage facility or be input into a computing or recording device.
At precisely 2000 seconds of viewing, research must stop and SCP-033 should be transferred to a new 033-Safe paper-like product and returned to storage by Class D staff. The white/chalkboard utilized in research must be incinerated as soon as possible after the transfer is complete, regardless of whether SCP-033 has faded "naturally" from its surface at 2560 seconds.
Whether 033-Safe procedures halt or merely slow the deleterious effects of SCP-033 is unknown. It is theorized the irregular borders and hand-crafting by mathematically unpredictable humans somehow disrupt the logic which allows SCP-033 to function.
SCP-034 is to be kept in a secure room with access granted only to Level 4 personnel. SCP-034 itself will be kept in a locked case that is under 24-hour surveillance. When not in lab conditions, SCP-034's protective sheath cannot be removed under any circumstances. Any personnel in contact with SCP-034 must be placed under a 24-hour observation period until their identities can be confirmed.
SCP-035 is to be kept within a hermetically sealed glass case, no fewer than 10 centimeters (4 inches) thick. This case is to be contained within a steel, iron and lead-shielded room at all times. Doors are to be triple-locked at all times, with the exception of allowing personnel in or out. No fewer than two (2) armed guards are to be posted at any time. Guards must remain outside at all times and are not allowed within the containment room under any circumstances. A trained psychologist is to remain on site at all times. Research personnel are not to touch SCP-035 at any time. SCP-035 must be moved to a new sealed case every two (2) weeks. The previous case must be disposed of via SCP-101, as it shows no adverse reactions to SCP-035's “corruption”. Anyone who comes into contact with SCP-035 when it is in possession of a host is to be given an immediate psychological evaluation.
Once every year, a mobile task force is dispatched from Containment Command-02 in [EXPUNGED] to Site-22A to defend the runway and airport located there. The civilian facility is to be cleared of all non-SCP personnel by 0400 hours of September 23 and none are allowed to return until sunrise the next day. On October 1, all civilians must be evacuated again before sunrise and will not be allowed on to Site-22A until the return of the "Pilgrimage flight."
Pilgrims in transit from the "Arrival Flight" awaiting departure on the "Pilgrim Flight" may only be cross-examined by researchers with Level 3 security level clearance or higher.
All instances of SCP-039 are to be contained in Site-77's Wilderness Observation Chamber-2B. At least two (2) security personnel are to monitor the interior and exterior of SCP-039's chamber, and are to rotate every six (6) hours. Staff members may not access SCP-039's chamber without an accompanying escort from site security, and may only do so for research purposes, or for the examination of the chamber for containment sabotage or contraband, which is to occur weekly.
As of 9-18-20██, SCP-039-8 has become pregnant; responsibility for its containment has been reassigned to personnel in the veterinary observation wing.
SCP-040 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment module within Bio-Research Area-12. The chamber is to be connected to an airborne tranquilizer dispersal system, to be activated in the event of SCP-040 manifesting its properties outside of testing environments. The chamber is to be observed by two supervisory personnel at all times. Recreational items such as toys, games, and art supplies may be provided to SCP-040 at the discretion of supervisory personnel.
As they have been determined to pose no possible threat, SCP-040-1a, SCP-040-1c, and SCP-040-1j have been approved to remain in the containment chamber with SCP-040 for purposes of the subject’s mental well-being. (Security Chief Special Order 392-5: ██/██/██). All other entities modified by SCP-040 are to be disposed of after recovery and study according to standard biological specimen clearance protocols, as outlined in Document CDP-BIO-EN-1. No outside organisms are to be brought into SCP-040’s presence beyond those used in testing procedures.
SCP-040 is to undergo daily school lessons and bi-weekly psychological review, overseen by Drs. Habernathy, Logan, and Izawa.
SCP-041 is to be hospitalized at Bio-Research Area 12. Though not Keter class, should SCP-041's abilities ever propagate beyond a reasonably containable area, the risk of SCP sensitive information being broadcast to the public remains too great a risk and warrants Area-Level isolation away from the general populace. SCP personnel wanting to keep their thoughts private are advised to remain outside of a fifteen (15) meter radius from SCP-041, beyond the designated red circle on the floor.
It is beneficial to the mental health of SCP-041 to have a "sitter" in the room who watches television and concentrates on its programming. This allows SCP-041 to effectively "watch" television through the mind of someone else. The optimal sitter is a class-D personnel with below-average intelligence whose mind does not wander or have more than one train of thought at a time. Though not mind control, SCP-041 has used its abilities to coerce sitters into watching programming that they don't themselves enjoy. SCP-041's tastes vary between gore/slasher films (having even expressed interest in "snuff") and children's programming.
SCP-042 is currently housed within Minimum Security Paddock 12 at Bio-Research Area-32. Despite SCP-042's seeming disinclination to attempt escape at this point, security measures must still be maintained at all times. Previous attempts to maintain the health of the groundcover in Paddock 12 have failed to date. Despite regular watering, SCP-042's presence leaves the ground parched wherever it treads. As it has not been determined what happens to added water, the program of watering has been discontinued as unnecessary and potentially hazardous to the local water table. Monitoring of local well levels and sampling of the area's water is to be carried out on a weekly basis.
Personnel interacting with SCP-042, including any handlers, medical personnel, feeders, and custodial staff, must submit to a thorough search, including [DATA REDACTED], prior to entrance into Paddock 12. Any personnel attempting to smuggle a weapon, or an object which can be used as a weapon, is to be immediately [DATA REDACTED]. Personnel are to undergo psychological screening once per week after interacting in any way with SCP-042. Medical personnel examining the wounds on SCP-042's back are to be closely monitored at all times, lest they attempt to euthanize SCP-042.
SCP-043 requires no special containment, although it is recommended that SCP-043 not be used for purposes other than testing. A turntable is to be maintained in the same room for testing.
A constant stream of hydrogen ions, unbound oxygen atoms, and other trace free radicals emanate from the muzzle of SCP-044 at all times. Because of this, the docking stations of SCP-044 are to be well-ventilated to keep dangerous gases and moisture from accumulating. Muzzle coverings are to be fitted at all times to keep birds and small animals from investigating the large open barrel of SCP-044.
Addendum, ██/██/200█: As SCP-044 has not been involved in any significant incidents in the ██ years it has been held by the Foundation, SCP-044 has been reclassified as Safe.
Must I really define “significant incidents”? If containment procedures and standard safety protocols are followed, 44 appears to be no more dangerous than any other big ███████ gun. No, the Bear Incident does not count. –O5-██
SCP-045 is to be kept affixed to an examination platform in a hemispherical chamber measuring 5 meters in radius at Oceanographic Research Station 12, located at -██.██, -███.██ on the seafloor of the Pacific Ocean. The chamber is to be kept filled with gaseous neon at equilibrium pressure with the surrounding environment. The chamber is separated from habitable portions of the station by 5 meters of local seawater, and all interactions with SCP-045 are to be performed via telepresence or robotic means. The bindings that attach SCP-045 to its platform are fitted with quick-release latches, which are to be released when necessary to prevent a containment breach.
Given the seismic activity associated with SCP-045, if the containment chamber is damaged or breached by seismological activity, SCP-045 should be recovered by remotely controlled drone vehicles and kept at least 10 meters from human-inhabited spaces until such time as repairs can be completed to the optimal containment chamber.
The land surrounding SCP-046 has been purchased and surrounded by multiple layers of security, including fencing, barricades, and lethal-effect traps; multiple signs marking the area as private property are to be prominently displayed. The area is to be heavily guarded at all times to prevent access by civilians to SCP-046. All personnel working around or within a 50km radius of SCP-046 are to undergo rigorous medical testing to ensure the absence of any potentially life-threatening illnesses; additionally, increased mental health examinations are to be administered to ensure that no personnel inclined or potentially inclined towards self-harm or self-destructive tendencies are allowed within the 50km radius. Any injured personnel are to be evacuated to a hospital outside of the 50km zone around SCP-046. All vegetation surrounding SCP-046 is to be destroyed and all animals attempting to access SCP-046 are to be terminated and destroyed before reaching its outer perimeter.
Any personnel showing unusual interest either in SCP-046 or in traveling to the region near SCP-046 are to undergo medical examinations as detailed above. Any modification to these containment procedures are to be approved by O5 command before being added to this containment document. Any personnel attempting to modify this document without appropriate authorization are to be demoted and reassigned.
SCP-047 is to be contained in a 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 1 m hermetically sealed storage box at all times. This box is to be locked in storage locker 047a, inside P3-secure biohazard lab 047b. Any entrance to and activity inside 047b will be recorded by biometric scan, closed circuit camera, and [REDACTED].
Entry to 047b requires the authorization of the project manager, in addition to at least one O5 level clearance. SCP-047 is to be treated as a Priority 4 Contagious Biohazard in all protocols, including mandatory quarantine if exposed. Suite q047 has been provided, adjunct to lab 047b, for this purpose.
In the event of outside contamination of SCP-047-1, Lockdown Protocol 047-01 "Yersinia" must be engaged.
The designation SCP-048 is to be retired from the SCP catalog. No future SCPs are to be assigned this number.
SCP-049 is contained within a Standard Secure Humanoid Containment Cell in Research Sector-02 at Site-19. SCP-049 must be sedated before any attempts to transport it. During transport, SCP-049 must be secured within a Class III Humanoid Restriction Harness (including a locking collar and extension restraints) and monitored by no fewer than two armed guards.
While SCP-049 is generally cooperative with most Foundation personnel, outbursts or sudden changes in behaviour are to be met with elevated force. Under no circumstances should any personnel come into direct contact with SCP-049 during these outbursts. In the event SCP-049 becomes aggressive, the application of lavender (L. multifida) has been shown to produce a calming effect on the entity. Once calmed, SCP-049 generally becomes compliant, and will return to containment with little resistance.
In order to facilitate the ongoing containment of SCP-049, the entity is to be provided with the corpse of a recently deceased animal (typically a bovine or other large mammal) once every two weeks for study. Corpses that become instances of SCP-049-2 are to be removed from SCP-049's containment cell and incinerated. SCP-049 is no longer permitted to interact with human subjects, and requests for human subjects are to be denied.
Temporary Containment Procedure Update: (See Addendum 049.3) Per Containment Committee Order 049.S19.17.1, SCP-049 is no longer permitted to interact directly with any members of Foundation staff, nor is it to be provided with any additional corpses to be used in its surgeries. This order shall persist indefinitely, until such time a consensus regarding the ongoing containment of SCP-049 can be reached.
So far, all attempts to contain SCP-050 have proven fruitless1. At present, whoever has possession of SCP-050 is to leave it in an office they use with regularity2.
SCP-051 and SCP-051-A are to be kept in a sealed containment facility. SCP-051-A is kept within a locked, climate-controlled document box with a viewing window, to prevent degradation of its material. Any personnel (with the exception of pregnant or non-sterile female personnel, who might not be aware of an early-stage pregnancy) may access SCP-051 as long as a request is placed before-hand and cleared by site administration.
Although it is not possible to remove SCP-052 from the New York City subway system, its predictable behavior allows the Foundation to prevent the public from encountering it. The 59th St. A/B/C/D Station is to be closed to the public from 11pm-1am on Saturdays/Sundays under the pretext of “track maintenance.” During that time, the station is to be staffed with agents from Mobile Task Force Gamma-6. Agents have been ordered to prevent accidental public access to the station, and to capture anyone seen leaving SCP-052. Anyone who has been on SCP-052 must be transported to Site-21 for debriefing and processing. Members of the public who see SCP-052 may be released after the administration of a Class B amnestic.
SCP-053 is to be contained in an area no less than 5 m x 5 m (16 ft x 16 ft) and given adequate room to move. Toys, books, games, and other recreational devices are to be amply provided and rotated every three (3) months. Proper bedding, bathroom, and medical facilities are to be maintained at all times. Food should be provided three (3) times daily, and two (2) snacks are allowed if requested.
No physical contact is to be made with SCP-053 without full atmosphere-containment suit and eye shield. No eye contact is to be made with SCP-053 for any reason. Any objects given to personnel by SCP-053 may be removed, but must be given to quarantine for examination. Only one (1) member of personnel may be present in the room at any given time and must be secured by a safety line of steel cable. All personnel must be removed from SCP-053's containment chamber within 10 minutes of entering.
Any personnel who begin to act erratically, scream, or attempt to grab SCP-053 are to be removed and quarantined. Any personnel attempting to remove their suit are also to be removed and quarantined. No sharp objects or firearms are allowed in SCP-053's containment room.
Subject is held in a watertight isolation room outfitted with specialized climate control equipment. An ornate fountain filled with water stands in the center of the enclosure. Maintenance personnel are required to wear NBC suits while inside the containment area and must spend ten minutes in a special drying room after exiting. In the event of a breach, the surrounding area should be evacuated and the enclosure flushed with liquid nitrogen.
The fountain's chemical levels and volume are to be monitored and maintained. Spring water from ████████ should be used as SCP-054 is highly sensitive to hydrological conditions. SCP-054 has developed a mistrust for human males during its confinement; thus, assignment of female personnel is recommended.
Object is kept within a five (5) by five (5) by two point five (2.5) meter square room constructed of cement (fifty (50) centimeter thickness), with a Faraday cage surrounding the cement walls. Access is via a heavy containment door measuring two (2) by two point five (2.5) meters constructed on bearings to ensure door closes and locks automatically unless held open deliberately. Security guards are NOT to be posted outside SCP-055's room. It is further advised that all personnel maintaining or studying other SCP objects in the vicinity try to maintain a distance of at least fifty (50) meters from the geometric center of the room, as long as this is reasonably practical.
SCP-056 is to be kept in a room of its choosing, with whatever furnishings it expresses desire for. Level 1 personnel and above may interact with SCP-056 at any time they choose, for a time length not exceeding two hours. The subject is to be guarded by a minimum of three (3) security staff at all times, with shift changes every four hours. Each guard is to be armed with non-lethal tranquilizer pistols, loaded with no less than fifteen hundred (1500) microliters of cyclopyrrolone tranquilizer. Any irregularities in personnel and staff developed by extended exposure to SCP-056 will result in psychological examination and relocation to site [DATA EXPUNGED].
The subject is to be allowed access to any object it desires, with the exceptions of weapons, communication devices, an internet connection, and other SCP objects. It may wander in Research Sector ██ as it wills, but never allowed access to floors with exits. In the event of an emergency, or if SCP-056 becomes violent, it is to be subdued and contained within its room if possible. At no time should personnel attempt to harm SCP-056; see Addendum 2-b.
Site-57 has been constructed to facilitate SCP-057 as relocation is not feasible. It is highly improbable that any outside knowledge of the artifact exists based on the circumstances of its discovery and thus security is of minimal concern. No containment procedures are required other than the prevention of unauthorized access. All research will be delegated to Dr. Lewis and Dr. Walston unless further specified.
Due to the irretrievability of those placed inside SCP-057, access will be granted with the approval of no fewer than two (2) members of O5.
SCP-058 is to be kept in isolation in a 5 m by 5 m by 5 m containment chamber at all times. Walls are to be constructed of 3 m (10 ft) of reinforced heat-resistant steel, backed with a further 10 m (33 ft) of reinforced concrete. SCP-058 is to be fed a live cow every three days. Maintenance is to be conducted every sixty (60) minutes while SCP-058 is dormant and every fifteen (15) minutes when SCP-058 is active. Under no circumstances is SCP-058 to be allowed out of its containment area. SCP-058 is to be audio recorded at all times. No personnel are to listen to SCP-058 for more than thirty (30) minutes at a time. In case of escape, facility is to be considered compromised and detonation of on-site nuclear weaponry is to commence. To date, SCP-058 has been responsible for the death of at least one hundred and forty-nine (149) Class-D personnel and fourteen (14) Agents at its current site.
A single specimen of SCP-059 is kept at Site-11B inside a graded-Z laminate shielding box composed of depleted uranium, tantalum, tin, steel, copper, and aluminum. Surrounding SCP-059’s containment box is a 7 x 7 x 7 m area sealed as a Level-4 Biohazard area, and surrounded by 3 cm of lead shielding. This area is to be sprayed daily with a solution of methyl isothiocyanate to prevent overgrowth of SCP-059-1.
Personnel entering an SCP-059 affected area are cautioned to wear appropriate biohazard protection, as well as Type K-59-B radiation shielding. They are to remain in the area for no more than 15 minutes, as the radiation shielding is only partially effective.
SCP-059-1 infestations found in the wild should be contained by removing the SCP-059 specimen responsible, and incineration of all observed SCP-059-1. Large underground infestations are best neutralized by fuel-air (thermobaric) explosives.
Additional specimens of SCP-059 are not needed for experimentation, and should be transported to Site-11B for incineration by plasma arc at 10,000 Kelvin.
The grove which contains SCP-060 is currently contained in a series of specially-constructed greenhouses at Satellite-Site 66-060. Specimens are to be pruned regularly to keep at a manageable size.
Personnel are banned from smoking while within 5km of Satellite-Site 66-060. Personnel are to refrain from bringing lighters, matches, tasers, or any other tool readily capable of starting a fire into Satellite-Site 66-060.
SCP-060 specimens are to be watered twice daily and checked weekly for dead plant matter and saplings. Dead matter and saplings are to be pruned, shredded and composted properly in the dedicated facility onsite, afterwards returned to SCP-060's containment chamber. Fragments of SCP-060 may not be moved offsite for any reason without explicit written permission from two or more Level 4 personnel.
In the event of a breach by SCP-060-Alpha, personnel are to enter lockdown mode and activate onsite fire suppression systems. Redundant onsite fire suppression systems have been installed throughout the Site, including water and chemical retardants to be utilized in tandem in the event of a containment breach. Portable extinguishers are to be kept available at all times.
Containment-Chamber 060-Alpha-001 is a dedicated, circular containment chamber designed to contain SCP-060-Alpha during testing. This chamber is constructed of concrete with a .2 metre thick asbestos coating, with a series of chimneys to allow for ventilation of heat during containment. The walls are fitted with 24 CO2 projectors evenly spaced at 45° angles along the walls and will activate in the presence of temperatures exceeding 200C°. One kilogram of SCP-060 material is to be kept within Containment-Chamber 060-Alpha-001 to be burned in the event of a breach.
The source code for SCP-061 is to be kept on a standard archival-quality read-only data compact disc (CD-ROM); four copies of the CD-ROM with the source code are to be stored in separate maximum-security inanimate-object lockers. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-061 is not to be loaded, compiled, or run. Research proposals for SCP-061 require written approval from site command. Only one copy of the CD-ROM containing the source code for SCP-061 may be used at a time; the CD-ROM is to be returned to storage immediately after having been used to load the source code for SCP-061 to a device.
SCP-061 must never be loaded, compiled, or run on any device which has a connection to the Internet, either directly or via another device. SCP-061 must never be loaded, compiled, or run on any device which is physically capable of wireless connectivity, regardless of whether that connectivity is in use.
For purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-061 may be loaded, compiled, and run on a LAN consisting of no more than 3 (three) devices plus peripherals. No devices are to be disconnected from the LAN during experimentation. Following the conclusion of experimentation, all devices within this LAN are to be immediately reformatted. Audio-output peripherals for this LAN are to be contained within an observation chamber surrounded with noise-canceling vacuum insulation. In the event of a perimeter breach by hostiles during SCP-061 experimentation, all devices within the LAN are to be immediately destroyed.
SCP-062 is stored in a dedicated containment cell at Site ██ under clean room conditions. Any experimentation on SCP-062 must receive prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Personnel, and must only be performed with independent power sources. SCP-062 must never be attached to an external network, and all data extracted from SCP-062 is to be stored on external nonvolatile media until analyzed.
SCP-063 is to be kept at all times within Dr. ████'s personal bathroom, located within the personnel quarters upon Site 19. Object is to be used as designed at least once in a twenty-four (24) hour period or the object will begin to emit an unknown specialized radiation that results in objects and material within a 0.6 m (2 ft) radius being slowly warped and eventually disintegrating into a fine dust. Radiation's effect on living test subjects has not been monitored.
SCP-064 is to be kept in a suitably remote area for observation. Current goals are to generate a geometric model of the object's behavioral pattern and to observe any changes in this pattern due to location and soil composition. Certain sites in the Gobi Desert and Australian Outback, as well as a number of salt flats scattered around the globe, are under consideration for future testing. SCP-064's current location is classified to all personnel under security clearance Level 3. Once growth has stopped, field teams are to document the structure's size, shape and composition and remove the object for transport to a new site.
As SCP-065 cannot be moved, it has been contained on-site and Site ██ has been established around it. Site ██ has been marked as a government research facility off limits to civilians, and unauthorized individuals attempting to gain access to the area are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class A amnestic if deemed necessary by site security.
An area 17 m in radius around the center of SCP-065 has been designated the Red Zone. Personnel may not enter the Red Zone of SCP-065 at any time, and experimentation with SCP-065 may only be performed with prior approval from at least two (2) Level 3 senior research staff. Personnel at high risk of cancer must not be assigned to Site ██, and all Site ██ personnel must undergo mandatory monthly physical evaluations including cancer screenings.
SCP-066 is to be kept in a safe-deposit box at Site 21. Personnel Level 2 or higher may perform experiments on SCP-066 after filing the relevant request forms. Researchers may log their results in Experiment Log 066-Beta.
SCP-066 is to be kept in a tungsten carbide box in Site 21’s high-value item storage facility. Once every month, this box must be manually inspected for damage to the interior;1 if damage is present, SCP-066 must be moved to a new box. This task is performed via a robotic arm capable of performing the task in under three seconds.
When not in use or the subject of study, SCP-067 is to be stored in its felt-lined wooden box. The nib is to be corked, and all art and writings are to be submitted to SCP Research command for analysis and further experimentation.
SCP-068 is to be kept away from any metals in an electrically-resistant box, preferably made of polytetrafluoroethylene (teflon) and rubber. Said box is to be stored in security locker 26 at Site 11. Key is kept with Dr. █████. Any requests for testing are to be redirected to him.
SCP-069 is currently impersonating former Foundation Agent ███████ █████, and is housed at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3. SCP-069 is to be provided with any reasonable requested item and/or material so long as such request does not violate Foundation security protocols. As SCP-069 is currently on suicide watch, all requests it makes must be approved by no fewer than two (2) Level 3 personnel.
If SCP-069 attempts to breach containment, it must be subdued using non-lethal methods. If SCP-069 dies, undercover agents are to be instructed to monitor reports of incidents in which individuals appear to have escaped certain death and SCP-069 is to be re-contained as soon as possible.
Note: Despite the fact that SCP-069 is identical in all ways to Agent █████, it remains an active SCP in containment, and is not to be treated as a Foundation employee. Any requests for classified information are to be denied, and visits from former co-workers without proper authorization are not allowed.
SCP-070 is to be kept within a 10 meter by 10 meter reinforced-concrete room that is to be guarded and remotely monitored at all times. This room must always be well-stocked with non-perishable food and water (see Document 070-IC for a complete inventory of these items), as well as basic amenities for humanoid SCPs. Security personnel assigned to SCP-070 are to carry sticky-foam guns in addition to standard armaments.
Structural integrity of SCP-070’s containment room is to be checked twice daily. In case of excessive structural damage, SCP-070 is to be incapacitated and relocated to a nearby backup containment room as described above. If a reinforced-concrete room of sufficient strength is not available, SCP-070 may be temporarily contained in a cell of stronger material until another concrete room can be prepared.
SCP-070 is to be given sedatives and painkillers on request, but no more than maximum dosages determined by Dr. Dumount. Personnel who enter SCP-070’s containment room for any reason must be unarmed and should wear puncture-resistant body armor. Armed guards must remain outside and out of sight of SCP-070.
In case of containment breach due to somnambulism, security personnel are to alert Site Administration, place food and water in the apparent path of SCP-070, and maintain a clear zone of 25 m around SCP-070. In any other case of containment breach, or if SCP-070 becomes violent during somnambulism, personnel are authorized to incapacitate SCP-070 using sticky foam (care must be taken to avoid smothering SCP-070). Because SCP-070 reflexively responds violently to injury or attack, security personnel should refrain from using lethal force or otherwise injuring SCP-070 if at all possible.
SCP-071 is contained in a modified Standard Humanoid Containment Cell with no direct observation capabilities. Surveillance of SCP-071 may only be performed via closed circuit video with a minimum of 60 seconds of delay. Experimentation with SCP-071 may only be performed with permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Site Directors, and personnel entering SCP-071’s containment area may only do so in groups of at least four (4). Any personnel exhibiting unusual or compulsive behavior must be removed from the area immediately, given a full psychiatric screening, and either administered a Class C amnestic or reassigned as deemed appropriate.
Under no circumstances should personnel be permitted to observe SCP-071 directly or through non-delayed surveillance footage. All visual recordings and photographs of SCP-071 must be destroyed immediately once they are no longer needed.
All known instances of SCP-072 are to be contained in a 3.5 by 4 meter holding cell. Access is allowed only during authorized testing procedures. Without prior approval from Senior Researcher Grant, no materials created for the purpose of being slept on are to be introduced into a 15-meter vicinity of the holding cell.
SCP-073 is to be kept in a two (2) room cell furnished with all non-organic furniture and items, and a bathroom. Subject is allowed to freely wander the facility and eat in the main canteen. A tracking device has been attached to SCP-073's person and is not to be removed. Subject is disallowed any contact with the surface, and is not allowed outside the facility. Subject is allowed no contact with plant-based SCPs under any circumstances. Violence is not to be used against SCP-073 under any circumstances.
SCP-073 is currently kept in Site-17.
SCP-074 is contained at Site 81. SCP-074 is an active infohazard. No research in evaluating its anomalous properties is to be conducted. All personnel who have previously engaged in research into SCP-074's anomalous properties, who have a post-secondary or greater education in physics, or who have accessed Archive 074-317E, must never come within 5 km of SCP-074.
SCP-074 is contained within a 6m x 6m x 3m reinforced glass chamber,1 filtered to block all ultraviolet light, and situated within a windowless room lit by monochromatic safelights, which serves as secondary containment. The containment chamber is to be surrounded with scaffolds bearing sheets of live cultured human skin held parallel to the surfaces of the containment chamber, and arranged overlapping each other such that lateral coverage is at least 95%. Skin sheets must be a minimum of 3 (three) millimetres thick, and warmed to 37 (thirty-seven) degrees Celsius, and must be grown from samples provided by D-class personnel with no less than a middle-school education and no more than a high-school education. All skin sheets are to be examined on a daily basis for instances of SCP-074-1; all instances of SCP-074-1 are to be excised and incinerated.
SCP-074 is to be fed 75 grams of fresh shredded apple (genus Malus) leaves, bark, and fruit, hydroponically grown to ensure lack of pollutants and foreign organisms, once a day, via a mechanical dispenser.
In the event of a spontaneous containment breach, personnel can coerce SCP-074 into returning to its containment by first occupying each of its four sets of jaws with an entire raw apple, then physically pushing SCP-074 in the desired direction, gently tapping its compound eyes with an open palm, or spraying its front pair of antenna with a 0.5% solution of methanoic acid.
SCP-075 is contained in a 1 m x 1 m x 1 m Level-4 corrosion-resistant container, which must be contained in a secure chamber with equal corrosion resistance. The absolute humidity of the chamber may not exceed 1% at any time. Medicinal-grade desiccants must be available at all times in order to maintain this level of humidity. If the humidity of SCP-075's chamber ever exceeds 1%, all personnel are to be evacuated immediately and the site will be locked down until the humidity is reduced to acceptable levels.
All personnel who enter SCP-075's containment chamber must wear MOPP Level 4 protection. Injection tests, as well as any test which involves an aqueous solution, are strictly forbidden. If any such solution comes into contact with SCP-075, the area will be immediately locked down and flooded with desiccant until the humidity is brought back to acceptable levels. Evacuation of personnel remaining in the area is prohibited.
Containment Area 25b is to be located 200 m below sea level, tunneled out of solid bedrock in a seismologically stable area. Sole access to the containment facility is to be through a vertical elevator shaft separated every fifty (50) meters with a reinforced blast door, constructed of 20 cm thick material shielding. Elevator shaft shall be flooded with seawater when not in use.
Containment Area 25b is to be constructed with the following components:

An Outer Security Perimeter against outside threats, staffed by security personnel trained in close quarters battle and counter-intrusion tactics.
An Administrative and Support Area (ASA) consisting of support facilities and living quarters for on-site personnel.
A Primary Containment Zone (PCZ), consisting of a 7 m cube encased in 1.5 m of reinforced material. PCZ is to be designed to be flooded and drained as needed, and should remain filled with seawater unless access to contents is required.
A 150 m "killing corridor" which is to be the sole access to the PCZ from the ASA (including water, power, drainage, and ventilation lines). The walls and floor of the corridor are to be reinforced in a similar manner to the PCZ, with the addition of an electric deterrence system capable of delivering a 20,000 volt shock.

A security station located at the entrance to the killing corridor is to be staffed with no fewer than three (3) armed security personnel on watch at any one point in time. Armament is to include, but not be limited to, at least one (1) ███████ CIW system on a pintle mount with a clear line of sight down the corridor, with a plexiglass screen to protect the operator from thrown weapons.
In the event of a full breach, all on-site staff are to proceed immediately to the closest security station for weapons and armor distribution. Staff will remain at Alert Condition One until SCP-076-2 is confirmed neutralized. Should 90 minutes pass after declaration of full breach without a Stand Down order being given by Level 4 or higher personnel, Final Contingency Measures will be activated, flooding the entire facility in seawater and sealing off the access shaft for a minimum of 24 hours before retrieval is attempted. This will, by necessity, result in the deaths of all on-site staff.

SCP-077 is to be kept in Research Sector-861 on top of a 0.5 m steel pedestal in a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m chamber with 0.5 m thick steel-reinforced walls. The reinforced steel hatch-door to the chamber is to comply with AH37-Protocol, and is to be guarded at all times by two (2) Level-1 personnel. A boom mic connected to a speech recognition system should verify that all pronunciation is within standards. A camera is to be mounted within the chamber to record any changes.
Every eight (8) hours, a minimum of two (2) (but preferably three (3)) trained D-Class personnel are to enter the containment area and — in a loud, clear voice — read the runes etched onto SCP-077 in unison. The reading must be performed by individuals who understand the full meaning of the runes being read, who are able to pronounce the entirety of the inscription correctly, and who are no more than 30 cm away from SCP-077.
All personnel must undergo a one-week training session with Foundation linguists for pronunciation, reading, and dialect coaching. A minimum of twenty (20) D-Class personnel are to be trained or undergoing training at all times; trained D-Class personnel are exempt from termination until such time as they have been replaced. Foundation linguists are to remain on call in case of an unexpected rune change. Every new set of runes is to be transcribed into phonetic English, and provided with literal and idiomatic translations as quickly as possible; see documents 077-██████ through ██████ for archived translations.
The cafeteria menu for Research Sector-861 must not include any potatoes or potato-based ingredients.
SCP-078 is to be left hanging on the wall of its containment cell and physically unplugged. The sole outlet in the room should be controlled by a switch, which must be left in the off position at all times unless SCP-078 is undergoing testing. Personnel who enter the containment room should familiarize themselves with the position of the switch so that they can locate it with their eyes closed in the event that SCP-078 is accidentally turned on.
SCP-079 is packed away in a double-locked room in the secured general holding area at Site-15, connected by a 120VAC power cord to a small array of batteries and solar panels. Staff with Level 2 or higher clearance may have access to SCP-079. Under no circumstances will SCP-079 be plugged into a phone line, network, or wall outlet. No peripherals or media will be connected or inserted into SCP-079.
SCP-080 is to be contained in a 4 m x 4 m room with a smaller antechamber located on the south wall to provide researchers with access. On the north wall, an observation room is to be connected, overlooking the main room through a window with thick black-out curtains that release only when the door to the observation room is closed. No attempts should be made to remove SCP-080 from this enclosure at any time. No more than one (1) 7 W incandescent light bulb is to be illuminated in the main room at any time. Absolutely no devices capable of producing light should be brought into the room. Under no circumstances should anything be brought into SCP-080’s containment room that has the ability to shroud, conceal, or otherwise hide SCP-080. Failure to adhere to this will result in disciplinary action.
Only those with Level 4 clearance and written permission from ███████ may have access to SCP-081. Full hazard gear including suit, gloves, and an oxygen tank must be worn at all times when in the containment area. Suits must be sprayed with a disinfectant shower before leaving the containment area. If containment is breached, the entire area must be exposed to ultraviolet light and then bleached. Those who are suspected of being infected must be quarantined for at least ten (10) days. If no symptoms manifest after the tenth day, then quarantine can be lifted.
Enlarged living quarters located at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14 have been appropriated for the suppression and appeasement of SCP-082. While standard weapons have little effect in policing SCP-082, cooperation is easily attained through a charade; subject is currently under the impression that it has been made the King of France and that its containment area is actually a grand palace designed for its protection. All interacting personnel are to be made aware of this charade and are ordered to follow the ruse. Housekeeping personnel are to be Class D personnel only.
Guards tasked with the containment of SCP-082 are to be given Level-2 clearance, but are instructed to refrain from interacting directly with SCP-082.
SCP-083 is to be kept under constant video surveillance, with at least one Level 3 staff member on call at all times to respond to security breaches. Entrance to SCP-083 is permissible to Level 1 and 2 personnel with proper clearances, provided they wear a tracking device while inside.
SCP-084 is currently under a full non-interaction order until the full extent of the emission waves has been evaluated (for detailed documentation on general FNI orders, see Document XRG-1182; for detailed documentation on FNI orders in relation to SCP-084, see Document XRG-1208A). A continuous surveillance watch is to be maintained around the active area of SCP-084, with the primary objective of civilian misdirection and external surveillance. With no major roads, trails, or other travel routes nearby, any civilians encountered approaching SCP-084 are to be deemed suspect and detained for evaluation. Under no circumstances are any Foundation or civilian personnel allowed in to the active area of SCP-084, except with express vocal and written permission of no fewer than two (2) members of O5 Command.
Sentries are to maintain their posted position with line-of-sight contact checks on fellow sentries, in conjunction with compass and landmark checking. All reference points should be well outside the active area of SCP-084. Should any sentry fail to report in via vocal roll-call, full recall orders will be issued to all sentries, and containment will be re-evaluated by Special Response teams. In the event of active area fluctuation, full recall orders are to be assumed by all active sentries, followed by appropriate action.
No form of radio, GPS, television, cell phone, video camera, still-picture camera, or any other recording or electronic media devices are permitted within one hundred (100) meters of the active area around SCP-084. Civilians found with such devices within this area are to have said devices confiscated and destroyed immediately. Any recordings collected [DATA EXPUNGED].
[Revised on ██-██-████]. SCP-085 is to be contained in a single chalk-white bond drawing pad in a secure containment facility. Supervised contact with SCP-085 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-085 are subject to searches and random psych analysis upon entering or leaving the containment area.
Absolutely no paper or canvas media are allowed to exit SCP-085's containment room: any paper trash must be disposed of by incineration after careful inspection. Paper and art supplies are to be brought in only by authorized personnel. In case of fire, flames are smothered using a rapid atmospheric-replacement and CO2-dumping system. Personnel are advised to quickly secure an oxygen mask and tank from the wall at the first sign of smoke or fire to prevent asphyxiation, as this procedure cannot be halted until all fires are suppressed.
SCP-086 is contained within Office A-19, at Bio-Research Station 71. The secretarial post outside the door is to be staffed by 1 (one) armed guard. All components of SCP-086 are to be kept within 6 (six) meters of each other.
SCP-086-1 is to be kept on the office desk, with a single connection to the telephone at the secretary's post. All communications between SCP-086 and personnel are to be recorded, transcribed, and archived.
Every 6 (six) days, SCP-086-2 is to be used to sharpen 4 (four) standard commercially-purchased 16 (sixteen)-cm HB pencils, continuing until at least 95% (ninety-five) of the mass of each pencil has been converted into pencil shavings. SCP-086-2 is not to be emptied, even if personnel judge that it has become clogged; in such an eventuality, personnel are to wait 10 (ten) minutes, and then resume sharpening.
Every 7 (seven) days, SCP-086-3 is to be filled with a block of 200 (two hundred) standard commercially-purchased staples.
Every 20 (twenty) days, SCP-086-4 is to be filled with 15 (fifteen) sheets of standard commercially-purchased microfilm blank cellulose acetate film, produced onsite.
SCP-086-5 is to be drained of waste matter whenever it fills more than halfway; the waste matter is to be incinerated.
All reading material requested by SCP-086 must be approved by Site Command. All research proposals made by SCP-086 must be approved by two O5-level personnel.
SCP-087 is located on the campus of [REDACTED]. The doorway leading to SCP-087 is constructed of reinforced steel with an electro-release lock mechanism. It has been disguised to resemble a janitorial closet consistent with the design of the building. The lock mechanism on the doorknob will not release unless ██ volts are applied in conjunction with counter-clockwise rotation of the key. The inside of the door is lined with 6 centimeters of industrial foam padding.
Due to the results of the final exploration (see Document 087-IV), no personnel are permitted access to SCP-087.
SCP-088 is to remain sealed in its airtight case at all times. The case is constructed of transparent acrylic plastic to resist the corrosive properties of SCP-088's secretions. In the event that SCP-088 should awaken from hibernation, any room that it is stored within should be constructed of durable plastics, rubber or ceramics to hinder its ability to escape. Temperature of SCP-088's containment should not exceed 15 degrees Celsius, and any personnel entering containment must observe level 4 hazardous material protocols and wear the appropriate protective gear at all times.
Any personnel who do not observe proper containment protocols in presence of SCP-088 or who show signs of physical mutation are to be demoted to D-class and held for observation.
SCP-089 is stored in a special shipping container at Site-36 and monitored for locution events. Mobile Task Force Mu-89, consisting of personnel with advanced training in linguistics, psychology and tactical diplomacy, has been established in order to respond to such locution events. Upon the occurrence of a locution event, Mobile Task Force Mu-89 is to translate and interpret the locution so as to identify the primary subjects of that triggering (herein designated as SCP-089-A and SCP-089-B), then execute Protocol M8, which consists of the following steps:

Transport SCP-089 to SCP-089-A’s location and explain Protocol M8 to SCP-089-B; and
At such time as SCP-089-B is prepared to voluntarily execute Protocol M8, render to SCP-089-B any assistance as SCP-089-B may request in connection with SCP-089-B performing the following actions: inserting SCP-089-A into the cavity together with inflammable materials such as oiled wood or charcoal, then igniting them.

The successful execution of Protocol M8 requires the voluntary compliance of SCP-089-B in a sober and uncoerced state. Likewise, SCP-089-A must be conscious and alert during the execution of the protocol. It is recommended that SCP-089-B be restrained (although not sedated) following ignition so as to avoid interference with the completion of the protocol, as the process is extremely painful and fatal to SCP-089-A.
If SCP-089-B refuses to voluntarily execute Protocol M8 in accordance with the aforementioned specifications, MTF Mu-89 is to explain the prospective consequences of failing to successfully complete the protocol and make every effort to persuade SCP-089-B to cooperate. If MTF Mu-89’s best efforts to so persuade SCP-089-B are unsuccessful, SCP-089 is to be redesignated as Keter-class and Protocol M9 is to be executed (reference Document 089-M9). The use of intimidation, threats or mind-altering drugs or intoxicants in an effort to affect SCP-089-B's free will, and any attempt to complete Protocol M8 without SCP-089-B's participation or voluntary cooperation, or otherwise other than as described, are strictly prohibited since these measures invalidate the attempted completion of the protocol and are known to intensify the severity of the attendant Type-S Event.
It is also recommended (although not a required part of Protocol M8) to cause the execution of step 2 of Protocol M8 to be accompanied by the sounding of horns and percussion instruments, as doing so may mask the sounds made by SCP-089-A during the execution of the protocol.
Upon a successful execution of Protocol M8, the related Type-S Event generally begins to abate within 7 hours.
Artifact is to be held in a secure bunker in the facility at Site ██ and constantly monitored by approved Class D Personnel. The object's new arrangement is to be imaged every time it shifts. New arrangements are fed into the facility's Class-OT Supercomputer. Division Chief is to be notified of all changes and current estimates every half-hour. No personnel is to touch SCP-090 except under order ███-██-████.
AXA Security level has been created for monitoring SCP-090. Non-AXA personnel found in the facility will be terminated.
SCP-091 is to be stored in a standard containment locker at Site-██. When SCP-091 is not being tested, it is to be placed under combination lock. Since SCP-091 has shown no signs of resistance to tearing or damage greater than that of normal cardboard, great care should be taken when transporting it to and from testing sites.
During testing, no one other than the subject should view SCP-091. Those suspected of having seen SCP-091 are to be administered Class-B amnestics immediately, and all personal recordings or images in the possession of the subject—both print and digital—are to be destroyed to prevent recurrence.
The three thousand one hundred and twenty-five instances of SCP-092 are to be held in individual cases suitable for containing non-anomalous audio compact discs (CDs), and stored in standard inanimate-object lockers at Site-37. Each instance is to be individually numbered with permanent marker.
Testing of instances of SCP-092 is to be done in soundproof rooms. Only one instance of SCP-092 may be examined at a time. Only D-class personnel are to listen to previously-unexamined instances of SCP-092. Research proposals which involve non-D-class personnel listening to instances of SCP-092 require written approval from site command.
The cadaver of SCP-092-B is not currently considered anomalous except by association, and is preserved in the morgue freezer at Site-19.
See testing document SCP-093-T1 for outline of testing conditions. SCP-093 must remain on a mirror at all times and under video surveillance. Admittance into the area of SCP-093's containment must be authorized only with proper video recording and subject retrieval procedures in place. Any attempt to use SCP-093 outside of an approved test will be dealt with severely, up to and including termination.
Since SCP-094 is apparently immovable, a research and containment facility has been built around its location (centered at 4█.██████°S, 6█.██████°W) in the guise of an Argentinian military research base. No unauthorized persons or aircraft may come within one kilometer of the site, enforced by joint SCP and Argentinian forces.
SCP-094 itself is enclosed in a gas-permeable steel-reinforced plexiglass cube, 3 meters on a side, with a single door (also of reinforced plexiglass) in one side. This door must remain locked at all times, except with O5 authorization under tightly controlled conditions. This cube is kept in the center of a 20 m x 20 m room, accessible with Level-4 authorization. All personnel must secure themselves to tethers anchored to the walls before stepping onto the floor of the room. Security personnel are to be armed with tranquilizer guns in addition to standard armaments.
SCP-095 is to be placed in a standard polyethylene sleeve when not under scheduled research and stored in a standard locked filing cabinet to prevent damage or wear. High-resolution digital scans are available for any Level 1 and above personnel who wish to view SCP-095.
SCP-096 is to be contained in its cell, a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m airtight steel cube, at all times. Weekly checks for any cracks or holes are mandatory. There are to be absolutely no video surveillance or optical tools of any kind inside SCP-096's cell. Security personnel will use pre-installed pressure sensors and laser detectors to ensure SCP-096's presence inside the cell.
Any and all photos, video, or recordings of SCP-096's likeness are strictly forbidden without approval from Dr. ███ and O5-█.
SCP-097 is contained within the limits of the property where it was initially discovered, Zone-SCP-097. The property is surrounded by an 8 metre tall concrete block fence, fitted with barbed wire and security camera systems. Satellite images of Zone-SCP-097 are to be doctored, removing all traces of the area.
Any and all new plant growth outside the containment area suspected to originate from within the SCP is to be sterilized through application of boiling saltwater and/or incinerated. Absolutely all abnormal behaviour is to be reported to Doctor Bridge within ten minutes of occurrence. If any personnel or their families experience hallucinations or thematically related dreams outside of containment, they are to contact Doctor Bridge to schedule treatment.
Localities surrounding SCP-097, specifically [REDACTED], are to be monitored from the first of April until the first of November every year for affected civilians. Medical establishments dealing with sleep abnormalities are to be monitored for signs of SCP-097’s influence. Civilians below the age of 16 encountered alone within 1 square kilometre of Zone-SCP-097 are to be taken into Foundation custody and are to be treated with a Class B amnestic and returned home, or the nearest police station. Personnel tasked with the return of civilians are to avoid public exposure; each Agent is to be assigned a cover story to follow if they do encounter civilians en-route to their destinations. See Level 3 staff for details.
The morning after the first frost of the year, a team of twenty-five Agents armed with agricultural tools are to enter SCP-097 and clear away the outer plant matter. This process is not to continue past dusk.
Members of SCP-098 are to be kept in a 10 m x 20 m room with small pools of water and a sandy substrate. Rocks and driftwood are to be left in a random arrangement for SCP-098 to nest in.
The enclosure is to be cleaned on a weekly basis. During this time, all members of SCP-098 are to be accounted for first, to prevent injury or death to personnel or SCP-098. Any members of SCP-098 that appear ill or injured are to be removed and examined.
SCP-099 is kept in a 1 m x 75 cm wall-mounted, fireproof case in Gallery 27. Standard climate and humidity controls apply to this section of the Gallery. Due to its properties, SCP-099 can only be viewed within the gallery by Level 2 staff or higher, and only from a distance greater than five meters and for a period not to exceed five minutes per day. When not being viewed, the case is to remain shut and electronically locked.
SCP-100 is to have six (6) guards patrolling the interior of the perimeter's fencing, and two (2) guards dedicated to the monitoring of the interior and exterior of both warehouses and the residential building, with rotations to occur every three (3) hours. Any unauthorized personnel found within SCP-100 are to be detained for questioning, prior to amnestic administration and release.
Three (3) guards are to remain within the storefront of SCP-100, with rotations to occur every eight (8) hours. The storefront front entrance is to remain locked at all times, with keys provided to necessary personnel. 'Private Property' and 'No Trespassing' signs are to be posted on the front of the storefront to deter any drivers from stopping at SCP-100.
Any constructs SCP-100-1 creates are to be removed from SCP-100 and melted down into slag, with the exception of SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B. Should SCP-100-1 become uncooperative, SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B may be removed from SCP-100 until the time that SCP-100-1 becomes cooperative again.
The largest of the two (2) warehouses within SCP-100 has been converted into a basic research facility. All objects created by SCP-100-1, excluding SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B, may be used for research purposes. Testing on SCP-100-1 itself may only be conducted with written permission from the acting Head Researcher.
SCP-101 is currently stored in the sub-basement 0-2 of Site-19, inside of a standard fireproof document lockbox, within a reinforced concrete room of standard facility size. Said room has been fitted externally with a standard double-door airlock, and internally fitted with appropriate safety response equipment as well as biological response equipment.
Only personnel of Level 3 are permitted to enter the SCP-101 holding room; personnel of Level 2 or lower are permitted to interact with SCP-101 only with directives from Level 3 or higher personnel, or with standing directives. The airlock for SCP-101 is set to a standard ten (10) minute cycle, during which standard screening scans for biological or environmental hazards will be made. SCP-101 is under standing directives for use during 0600 and 2000 hours. Outside of the airlock of the holding room for SCP-101, two (2) Level 2 guards are to be posted at all times, with overlapping shifts.
SCP-102 is currently in the possession of Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. Because "ownership" appears to be a binding, deed-based legalistic agreement independent of eminent domain, SCP-102 cannot be transferred to Foundation control in the foreseeable future.
SCP-103 does not require any specific or strict containment procedures. If SCP-103 begins to show any signs of distress or erratic behavior, SCP-103 is to be moved to a 5m x 5m room while awaiting medical examination.
N/A. See Addendum 103-a and 103-b.
SCP-103 is to be maintained in a medically induced vegetative state to ensure compliance. It is to be kept alive with regular [DATA EXPUNGED] certain that the incisions are not allowed to heal, keeping SCP-103's stomach cavity exposed at all times. Class Four Foundation Restricted Medical Kit is to be employed by all personnel interacting with SCP-103.
All [REDACTED] from SCP-103 are to be incinerated. At no time should any personnel come into unprotected contact with any object or substance removed from SCP-103.
SCP-104 is currently contained in a steel box with electronic keypad access. Access is to be restricted to class 3 and higher. Do not allow SCP-104 to come in contact with any living tissue. Any and all interaction with SCP-104 is to be handled via robotic assistance, or with full haz-mat suits and gloves. Anyone found to be “imprinted” by SCP-104 must submit for “unimprinting”. Failure to do so within 24 hours of exposure will result in termination.
SCP-105 is implanted with a tracking device and is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-105 is currently allowed Class 3 (restricted) socialization privileges with approved site personnel, granted based on continued good behavior and cooperation with Foundation personnel.
SCP-105's personal camera (designated SCP-105-B) is contained in a locked safe-deposit box at Site-19's High Value -B is within containment.
SCP-105 and SCP-105-B or any other camera are only to be allowed to come into contact with approval of the current managing researcher.
SCP-107 poses no immediate threat, so long as it does not come into contact with any liquid. As such, it is stored at Site-19 in a five (5) metre square containment cell, on a one (1) metre high pedestal, inside a clear perspex container. Experimentation with SCP-107 is to be carried out at Research Area-06, a 484 km2 (22 x 22 km) area of desolate land in █████████ dedicated to this purpose. Anyone who attempts to activate SCP-107 outside of an approved experiment must be eliminated with any force necessary.
Access to and removal of the object requires the authorization of two (2) Level 4 personnel, and the approval by said personnel of a full experimental procedure. Should SCP-107 become active while within Site-19, two Class-D personnel are to remove it from the site via one of the item transport trucks in Loading Bay-02. This procedure must be followed regardless of the substance that activated SCP-107, given the unpredictable nature of the item's effect on plant matter. SCP-107 should only be returned once precipitation has ceased completely and any abnormal plant growth has been neutralized or contained for further study.
SCP-108 is contained entirely by Subject 108-1. Subject 108-1 should be contained in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever items are requested unless said items compromise security. Subject 108-1 is permitted to leave the room, wander freely, and eat in the main canteen. Medical examination to be performed on Subject-108-1 daily; filters to be changed as necessary.
SCP-109 is currently located in Non-Critical Storage Unit 7 and requires no active monitoring. It should not be removed from the unit except to be transported to a research facility, and then only by personnel with Level 3 security clearance or higher. When replacing SCP-109, personnel should ensure that it is firmly closed and that it is placed on the molded pedestal in the upright position.
The entrance to SCP-110 is to remain closed off at all times unless otherwise permitted by O5-█. The land covering SCP-110 (roughly 6 square kilometers) is to be developed into a suburban area that will not attract the attention of the general public. Any movement that SCP-110 might make is to be explained as "minute seismic activity". Further complaints are to be ignored.
All specimens of SCP-111 in captivity are housed at Site-19, ██████████ Wing, in a 5m x 5m x 5m plexiglass enclosure containing a temperate forest habitat transplanted from its natural surroundings. Habitat temperature will be maintained at 30° C. Feeding is to take place weekly by personnel placing three (3) kg of iceberg lettuce (Lactuca sativa) into the containment chamber. Water is to be supplied by an automatic misting system which regulates humidity levels at 50%, both for water required by SCP-111 and to prevent fires. In event of SCP-111 specimens breeding, personnel are to collect all eggs and transport them to the Biological Studies Wing for freezing.
SCP-112 is contained within the abandoned "██████ ████████" amusement park, designated Site-███. Site-███ is to be staffed with a standard complement of twelve (12) armed guards dressed in designated Amusatastic Land garb, to prevent civilian interference. SCP-112's power supply is housed within a standard Foundation prefab building with two high-security door locks and a standard staff of six (6) security staff and one (1) operator. Since all other rides in Site-███ are intentionally disabled, civilian intervention is low.
As the anomalous properties of SCP-112 occur regardless of its condition, only mandatory maintenance work is to be done on SCP-112. This also ensures that local civilians treat SCP-112 and its surroundings as abandoned and ignored.
All tests involving SCP-112 must be conducted with a portable toilet nearby, as well as a small table with basic food and drink items.
SCP-113 is to be kept in standard storage in Site-23. SCP-113 may be handled with laboratory gloves. No organism may be exposed to SCP-113 without prior approval. Personnel exposed to SCP-113 are to be kept under medical observation for 7 days.
SCP-114 is kept in a 10 m3 standard concrete humanoid containment cell at Site-17. The cell is positioned at the bottom of a 40 m shaft to prevent staff members from coming into the proximity of SCP-114. The cell is accessible by a staircase restricted to emergency use only. Daily rations are provided to SCP-114 three times a day by means of a dumbwaiter. SCP-114 is also permitted to submit written requests to attending staff by the same means. To date, SCP-114 has been granted one Qur’an (Arabic), one prayer rug, and one blank journal with pens.
Research on SCP-114 is suspended until further notice. Elimination of SCP-114 is acceptable in the event of a multiple containment-breach crisis.
SCP-115-1 is to be stored in the Secure Vehicles Storage Facility in Site-██, where access is restricted unless accompanied by Level 3 personnel or higher. SCP-115-2 is currently being kept in a secure drawer of Dr. ██████'s desk. SCP-115 is not to be used without Dr. ██████'s explicit approval. Any site staff using SCP-115-2 must return it in a timely manner or face punitive measures. No other special containment procedures are required.
SCP-116 is kept in a 16 by 16 meter cell, constructed of Kevlar, with 1 meter porous rubber padding on all surfaces. No personnel are to enter cell without proper briefing and threat-reduction measures (see Appendix III). Cell is to be monitored at all times by 6 agents, 4 stationed at corner points of cell and 2 stationed with SCP-116. No pointed objects or intrusive testing equipment of any kind are to be placed in the possession of the agents within the cell. Outside monitoring is achieved using VBS05 class concealed button cameras stationed at high corners in the cell. Outside monitoring is to be carried out by a further 2 agents. If suspicious activity begins, initialize Achilles procedure ∆. All monitoring agents, internal or external, are to undergo bi-monthly IQ tests as well as standard weekly psychiatric analysis. Significant drops in the IQ of agents (≥ 5 pts.) is to be regarded as prolonged exposure and to be treated as outlined in standard Quarantine instructions.
SCP-117 is to be kept in the small leather pouch it was found in, unless in use or in current study.
Any personnel deemed mentally fit may enter the containment cell of the SCP, though if they are suspected to be trying to remove the SCP without permission, they are to be searched, and if that is the case, they are to be reprimanded.
The door to the containment cell should remain locked, and a guard posted only when the object is in use.
Due to the number and distribution of SCP-118, containment of every specimen is impossible. Known SCP-118 Red Zones are to be closed off to all civilian marine vessels and divers under the guise of a military presence or other plausible cover story. Contacts in navies known to operate near SCP-118 Red Zones are to be utilized in order to minimize the passage of military vessels through the Red Zones. If any area within the Red Zone has a depth of less than 1500 meters, the restriction is to be applied to aircraft as well. All human activity in surrounding Yellow Zones is to be monitored, and any non-military vessels or individuals approaching the Red Zone are to be turned away. In the Red and Yellow Zones, protocol TOXIC HARVEST is to be followed to ensure the removal of devices generated by SCP-118. Furthermore, protocol CELL WATCH is to be followed to ensure the early detection of any emerging Red Zones.
Samples of SCP-118 can be stored using standard containment procedures for non-virulent anomalous microbes.
SCP-119 is to remain open and unplugged at all times except during testing. The door to the room in which SCP-119 resides is to be locked for all periods except during experimentation, with the entry codes given only to authorized research and security personnel. An industrial-grade disinfectant will be available nearby at all times, and the inside of SCP-119 is to be heavily disinfected before any testing. The contents of SCP-119 are to be monitored through the viewing window on SCP-119 at all times during testing, and will be stopped immediately should the contents become hostile or otherwise damaging to SCP-119.
Due to its importance to the Foundation, SCP-120 is to be kept under video surveillance and armed guard at all times. Any personnel attempting to utilize the item without authorisation are to be terminated immediately. All personnel wishing to use the item are required to submit a filled copy of the application form (Document #120-23) to facility operators.
Due to the precise timing and coordination required for efficient use of this object in an emergency, all personnel entering SCP-120’s building are placed under temporary command of the facility heads Captain ████████ (Security Detachment) (L4) and Doctor █████████ (Research Team) (L4).
All destination locations are to be kept under surveillance and armed guard. They are valuable to the Foundation but are non-critical, but any compromised destination must be immediately reported to SCP-120 personnel.
Distributed Task Force Sigma-6 (“Puddlejumpers”) was created with the objective of protecting and maintaining SCP-120’s facility and location outposts. It consists of 1 command unit and 1 defense and maintenance unit based at the SCP-120 facility at Command-██; 5 units based at the destination locations, plus 5 reserve units for these; and 5 units assigned to other SCP-120 related projects.
Containment Site-83 has been established outside SCP-121 to house personnel dedicated to the containment of SCP-121. The perimeter of SCP-121 is to remain fenced off from the surrounding area, with guards stationed along the perimeter at all times. Guards are to don local military uniforms and remain heavily armed at all times. Rotation of guards is to occur every four hours.
The surrounding population is to remain informed that SCP-121 is quarantined due to persisting hazardous material. Warning signs are to be placed seventy-five (75), fifty (50), and twenty-five (25) kilometers out along roads leading to SCP-121 to deter trespassers. Civilians who approach the perimeter of SCP-121 are to be reminded of the quarantine and forced to depart; those who resist are to be detained for questioning.
In the event that approaching civilians witness an active instance of SCP-121-1 or -2, Class-A amnestics are to be administered. Any meteorological data regarding SCP-121's anomalous effect is to be censored, and SCP-121 has been labeled a no-flight zone to prevent knowledge of SCP-121, -1, and -2.
Site Task Force Iota-71 ("Home Wreckers") has been established and permanently assigned to Containment Site-83 in response to the threat of SCP-121-2. They are to escort researchers interested in studying non-hostile instances of SCP-121-2 as well as neutralize any instances that have grown to potentially lethal sizes. In the event of an attempted containment breach, Iota-71 is to assist perimeter guards in the neutralization of the instance of SCP-121-2.
Any buildings within SCP-121 that develop into SCP-121-1 are to be recorded and monitored at all times for transition into SCP-121-2. Instances of SCP-121-2 that become innately hostile upon transition are to be neutralized; however, passive instances may continue to dwell within the perimeter of SCP-121 for research purposes until they've grown to a size too dangerous to contain or become hostile, at which point they are to be neutralized.
SCP-122 is to be stored in a standard containment chamber, containing a single electrical outlet. No personnel dormitories are to be constructed within 500 m of the containment area. At no time should SCP-122 enter an unpowered state. Several redundant power systems are to be maintained and inspected regularly. In the event of SCP-122-1 manifestation, 35 members of site personnel assigned to enact containment are to be deployed outside the containment chamber. If it becomes hostile, Procedure-99-Renmar is to be enacted. Due to the potentially disastrous side effects in the event of cross contamination, at no point are SCP-122 and instances of SCP-3060 to be stored at the same facility.
To enact Procedure-99-Renmar, all subjects are to assume specific positions in and around the containment chamber, in order to prevent a containment breach. Two subjects are to man a portable generator with which the equipment used in Procedure-99-Renmar is powered. Three subjects are to be equipped with chemical irritants created as a by-product of SCP-1837, which has been found to have a inhibitory effect on SCP-122-1 instances.
After all instances of SCP-122-1 have been reduced to the point where entry is safe, five subjects are to enter the containment chamber, and use an electrical extension cord from the generator to return SCP-122 to a powered state. These personnel are to be considered irrecoverable after entering SCP-122's containment chamber, due to its effect.
The remaining personnel are redundant; they will take the place of any incapacitated personnel.
SCP-123 is to be held in a secured facility and is to be securely fastened to the top of a sturdy table by use of straps, chains, a net, or similar device. Absolutely no hooks shall be fastened to the device. The object and table should be centrally located in a room no smaller than 5 m x 5 m x 5 m. No sensitive measuring devices should be used within 100 meters of SCP-123, as their measurements will be noticeably affected. More significantly, absolutely no objects should be inserted into SCP-123 except under experimental conditions.
Transfer of SCP-123 shall be made with care, and effort made to prevent the object from being shaken or jerked with notable force. SCP-123 shall not, under any circumstances, be transported over large bodies of water by any method.
No personnel below Level 2 must be allowed in the containment chamber with SCP-123. Any person interacting with the object should wear tight-fitting clothing that has absolutely no straps, laces, or other dangling components. Persons with long hair shall be required to tie their hair back or wear a hairnet.
SCP-124 is to be kept in a 4.2 m x 2.1 m stone pit in its containment cell. The pit is to be 1.5 metres deep. A plastic tarp is to be placed over SCP-124 when not in use. Absolutely no biological matter is allowed within one metre of SCP-124 when not being studied. An armed guard is to be stationed outside SCP-124's cell at all times.
Supports for instances of SCP-125 are kept in padded boxes and covered with a fine nylon mesh that allows vision through, but obscures the surface of the mirror by at least 25%. These supports consist of a polished metallic surface (currently silver-plated brass) with no sharp or irregular edges, which must imperatively be smoothed out to prevent rips in the protective mesh. To further prevent incidents, any person penetrating the room where SCP-125 is located must also wear such a protective mesh over their face. Metal-plated glass mirrors should be avoided for the purpose of containment as SCP-125 is capable of moving from the glass itself to the metal surface.
Any metallic surface in the room must be dulled to prevent reflections. As an additional security measure, the room is kept in darkness and monitored only via infrared and ultraviolet lighting when no experiment is taking place.
No mirror or comparably reflective surface (including, but not limited to, metal-case pens, sunglasses, laptop computers, and glass objects) may be allowed in the room outside controlled experiments. The SCP may not be photographed or filmed in its unrestrained state.
If any personnel on site, and particularly personnel having recently been involved with SCP-125, reports seeing black dots, MTF Eta-10 and Chi-7 will be immediately put on standby and a level-2 alert for potential containment breach will be declared. Individuals contaminated will undergo containment protocol 125-b and may not return to active duty until the instance of SCP-125 affecting their cornea has been rendered completely inert.
SCP-126 is kept within a standard Euclid-class Humanoid Containment Cell despite not having needs consistent with that of a normal human or any kind of nourishment as this environment has proven the most effective in keeping SCP-126 contained.
In case of a containment breach, acoustic sensors embedded within SCP-126's containment cell as well as the entire wing in which SCP-126's cell is housed can be used to locate SCP-126. Firm but polite verbal requests for SCP-126 to return to its cell are to be given until it complies.
Personnel interacting with SCP-126 must undergo regular psychiatric screening and personnel exhibiting emotional attachment to SCP-126 must be administered a Class B amnestic and reassigned.
SCP-127 is considered no more dangerous than a normal firearm of its type. However, due to its extraordinary properties, it is to be held in Weapons Locker 7-C when not in use and suspended in water rich in calcium and protein. At this time, only the research team assigned to SCP-127 has clearance to access it.
SCP-128 is to be held in a windowless containment chamber with blast-proof doors and walls and a ventilation system that maintains Class 100 cleanroom conditions inside. The interior of the containment chamber is to be monitored remotely by cameras welded in place with protective grating. The speakers and laser monitoring system must be similarly welded into place and protected with grating. The entry to SCP-128's containment chamber must include an antechamber with a second locked door that cannot be viewed from the chamber door.
Personnel entering the test chamber for any reason must wear ballistic armor and must not bring any loose item inside the chamber. All required equipment must be rigidly mounted to the armor. Interference with the laser monitoring system or the central wheel is forbidden unless required for maintenance.
In the center of the containment chamber, a wheel must be mounted to a concrete pedestal and allowed to spin freely. Should the wheel be measured to spin at less than 4,000 rpm at any time, all personnel are required to evacuate the containment chamber and foam nozzles will be deployed.

ARCHIVED CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES - FOR LOG PURPOSES ONLY

FOLLOW ABOVE PROCEDURES - DO NOT ATTEMPT BELOW

SCP-128 is to be kept in a chamber measuring at least 10 m x 10 m x 5 m with walls and door armored in 5 cm steel plate. All personnel who enter the containment room must wear full suits of heavy body armor, including ballistic plates. All loose objects of mass greater than 5 kg are strictly prohibited. Clothing and related items are generally considered safe, as the entity appears to be incapable of distinguishing these from their wearers. Writing utensils, loose change, and other trinkets present considerable hazards to personnel and should therefore be used sparingly never enter the containment chamber.
All items are to be cleared from room via suction before any personnel will be permitted to enter. Once personnel have exited, SCP-128 is to be given small objects, both to study its behavior and to alleviate boredom (if applicable). In the event of escape, the surrounding area will be evacuated and locked down, possibly followed by attempts to herd SCP-128 back into its enclosure. Past experience suggests that the latter is unnecessary, as the entity has shown no apparent desire to vacate the premises and will eventually return of its own accord.



SCP-129 is at large in the world and infects large numbers of humans and animals daily. As such, containment efforts are focused on treatment of infected individuals and on eradication of any or all member species of SCP-129. Although at least 98% of the world's population harbors a natural immunity to one or more species of SCP-129, outbreaks that reach Stage Three or higher (described below) must be contained as quickly as possible, with infected individuals quarantined under highest-risk contagion protocols. See Document #129-A-1 for further information.
In the event of Stage Four or Stage Five outbreak, in addition to the above procedures, [DATA EXPUNGED], as described in Document #129-A-2 (Level 4 clearance required).
SCP-130 is to be staffed by twelve D-Class, six security agents (level 2/130) and one researcher (level 3/130) twice per day, starting at one half hour before local sunrise and sunset. All staff are to be appropriately uniformed and Caucasian only. When not staffed, two security agents will remain in the lobby, and two additional agents will patrol within the building. Agents are advised not to prevent people from entering the lobby, but to notify MTF Alpha-4 (“Pony Express”) to intercept anyone who receives mail or a package.
Twice per day, bundles (SCP-130-2) will appear in the mail room. The parcels within the bundles are to be sorted by uniformed staff into appropriate bags and placed in a designated vehicle for transport to Site-██. Should mail arrive with the following addresses, [REDACTED], follow procedure Franklin-Sixteen, detailed in Addendum 130-2. Otherwise, mail will be checked under standard practices for any items of interest.
Objects are not to be placed for outgoing mail unless certified orders are given by O5-█. Procedure Franklin-Seventeen outlines the protocol used in these cases. Should anyone else enter SCP-130 to use the outgoing mail slot, they are to be permitted to do so, then intercepted by MTF Alpha-4 as soon as possible for questioning. The incident is to be reviewed through security tapes and the outgoing mail watched for in subsequent bundles and checked through the list of previous parcels delivered.
No special safety procedures are to be taken with SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B. They are free to travel about Site-19 so long as they do not attempt to enter any restricted areas or attempt to leave the facility. Casual contact with the subjects is permitted, but it is recommended that such contact be kept to a minimum to prevent the creatures from forming an attachment to personnel. Hourly tabs are to be kept on subjects at all times; failure to account for their presence at these times constitutes a level one lock down situation. Any report of abuse or mistreatment of the subjects will result in harsh reprimand.
All instances of SCP-132 are to be cataloged and etched with an appropriate designating mark. SCP-132 is to be stored at Containment Sector-██ when not in use. No special clearance is needed to have access to files relating to SCP-132 and instances of SCP-132 may be requisitioned for office decoration in any non-Command Foundation installation. After incident 132-01, no instances of SCP-132 are to leave Containment Area 23 without approval by the Sector Director. Following the incident detailed in Addendum 03, standard classification procedures are reinstated on SCP-132.
All instances of SCP-133 are stored in their original shipping crates, which are to be stored within a standard Safe-class storage container at Site 19. Experimentation with SCP-133 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel.
SCP-134 is currently contained within a specially outfitted humanoid-containment cell, measuring six (6) meters by eight (8) meters. Since SCP-134 is completely blind, special safety precautions must be taken with the room's furnishings. SCP-134 is reasonably accustomed to the position of all objects in the cell and navigates mostly from memory. SCP-134's room currently contains:

One (1) single bed with additional mattress padding.
One (1) pink bed set including sheets, comforter, and pillow with "Hello Kitty" mascot print. (Note: though blind, SCP-134 is able to feel the printed pattern and prefers it.)
One (1) wardrobe and one (1) chest of drawers containing clothes in Youth Extra-Small. All drawers are to be labeled in Braille and raised-print English.
One (1) dollhouse with dolls and interior furnishings.
Eight (8) stuffed animals (three cats, two dogs, a giraffe, a dolphin, and a panda)
A selection of children's literature in Braille.
One (1) chair and one (1) table.
A craft station with modeling clay and building blocks.

SCP-134 may request additional items, all of which must be approved by a staff member with Level 3 clearance or higher. If any items are added to the room, SCP-134's handlers must be informed ahead of time to prepare her for the addition of something new to the environment. SCP-134 is to be tutored on a regular basis both in general education appropriate for the subject's age and in Braille.
SCP-135 is to be contained in a partitioned plexiglass chamber at least 7 metres to a side. All sections are to be completely sealed off from one another to avoid cross-contamination. SCP-135 itself is to be in a central section with 1.0 to 1.5 square metres of floorspace, with a 5 cm-wide runoff trench around the perimeter that drains into a tank, the contents of which are to be piped into an incinerator at the end of every week. The remaining space in the containment chamber is to be used to house 5 chemical harvesting vats, one vat per partitioned section. A single access corridor is to lead from SCP-135's section to outside the chamber. No personnel are permitted within SCP-135's effect radius; all maintenance, taking of samples, etc., are to be carried out by remote-control robots. Disciplinary measures need not be taken against personnel that violate this rule, because the direct consequences of SCP-135's effects have been deemed consequence enough. Robots are to be maintained and cleaned by Level 1 personnel.
Once a week, SCP-135's section is to be hosed down with Solution U82-B until only its outer coating is visible. In emergencies, flamethrowers may be employed to reduce mass quickly.
Due to the potential of catastrophic effects in the event of cross contamination, at no point are SCP-329 or SCP-427 to be contained within the same facility as SCP-135.
No extraordinary containment procedures are necessary. SCP-136 is to be kept in a standard 10 m x 10 m x 10 m concrete containment room. SCP-136-1 is to be kept in a locked transparent plastic case, measuring 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m, placed on a table in the center of the room. Video surveillance is unnecessary when SCP-136 is not being actively examined. As of incident I-136-c (see Incident Reports), only Class D personnel may enter the SCP-136 containment chamber more than once in any thirty day period without special authorization from Director ██████.
SCP-137 is to be kept in a locked room, with a hairbrush and posters depicting a country meadow to keep it placid and tractable. SCP-137 is to be fed three meals a day. Under no circumstances are any toys allowed to come within five hundred (500) meters of SCP-137.
SCP-138 requires minimal containment procedures. For humanitarian purposes, subject is currently being kept in a chemically-induced comatose state.
SCP-139 is to be kept in a room at least six meters at its smallest dimension, suspended at least two meters from the nearest inside surface of the room. No one is to enter this room under any circumstance. The room is never to be left without at least two armed guards at any moment.
SCP-140 must never be brought closer than 15 m to any source of standard ink, human blood, or other fluids suitable for writing. Any contamination by blood or ink must be reported immediately. Any remaining copies of SCP-140 created during the initial printing must be found and destroyed as soon as possible. Only SCP-140 is to be preserved, for purposes of study, early warning, and cataloguing and recording possible SCPs derived from its subject matter.
SCP-140 is contained at Site-76 in a sealed vault containing a single desk. At this time no research is to be carried out upon the original SCP-140; researchers are to read from prepared copies not bearing the signature of its author which lack its properties. In the event of approved research, SCP-140 may not be removed from the vault, and readers may not be in contact with it for longer than 9 hours. Access requires written approval from the head researcher for the explicit purposes of testing. An armed guard stationed outside the vault will meet any attempted theft with deadly force.
Should any personnel begin displaying obsession with SCP-140 or signs of possible memetic contamination, they are to be issued a Class A Amnesiac, false memories implanted as necessary, and transferred to another project. Transferred personnel must be monitored for signs of relapse.
When not in use, SCP-141 is to be stored inside a locked safe in Site-76. Access to this safe requires security level clearance 3 or higher and written approval to use SCP-141. When SCP-141 is in use, either for implementation in accordance with Foundation goals, or for research purposes, it is to be kept within the possession of the assigned researcher at all times. Failure to account for SCP-141 will result in a severe reprimand.
While SCP-141’s danger to the Foundation appears limited, it could still be a tempting target for certain subversive groups or opportunistic users. For this reason, SCP-141 is to be checked out for no more than one week at a time.
SCP-142 is to be kept locked in an accessible room with the following:

1 table with surface area no smaller than 75 cm by 75 cm
1 stool of adjustable height
1 wall clock, electric, to be kept visible and running at all times when SCP-142 is in use

Access to SCP-142 is permitted only with express written consent of Dr. ████ or other level 4 personnel. Staff assigned to SCP-142 must not have any personal or family history of compulsive gambling nor gambling addiction. Staff assigned to SCP-142 are not to make any physical contact with the device under any circumstances.
SCP-143 is to be contained in the valley adjacent to Bio-Research Area-12, an area over 2 km². Area surrounding SCP-143 for up to 20 km, and all lines of sight from the surrounding hilltops, are to be denied public access. SCP-143 is to be watered twice every day on a regular basis via a large sprinkler system, unless already watered by local precipitation. Personnel are not allowed to enter the enclosure without Level 4 administrative clearance, and are advised not to touch any of SCP-143, nor stand beneath them unless wearing proper protective gear. It is important that no one be within the containment area when SCP-143 begins to shed, however after the shedding has concluded, the collection of the fallen petals for testing purposes has been authorized by the project director (see SCP-143 Testing Log).
SCP-144 requires the presence of only one Foundation observer to monitor and issue updates on the condition of SCP-144. The Tibetan Buddhist monks who maintain the site live in solitude and secrecy. A heavy mist condenses around the small mountain that hosts SCP-144, which itself resides in a small valley between two greater mountains, Mount [DATA EXPUNGED] and [DATA EXPUNGED]. This mist is present most of the year and the thin rope itself is only fairly visible to the human eye within a distance of 3 km. Air travel within a 70 km radius has been restricted with the cooperation of the Chinese government.
SCP-145 is to remain inside its room at all times in a .5m x .5m x .5m plexiglass container unless being studied. Room is to be thoroughly soundproofed and securely locked when studies of SCP-145 are not in progress. Under no circumstances shall any personnel come into physical contact with SCP-145 without being accompanied and constantly observed by one or more other personnel unless conducting testing with proper authorization. Any personnel showing signs of intense psychological trauma must be immediately escorted out of the containment area. Depending on the level of trauma of affected personnel, they may be required to submit to consultation with an approved psychiatrist for no less than two weeks.
Containment procedures have been revised after it was noted that the effects of SCP-146 were sharply and dangerously increased under previous containment (a standard one-half (0.5) meter cubed secure-storage bin). The bin should remain free, however, should a researcher wish to test SCP-146 at high intensity. Level 3 clearance is required for any personnel wishing to enclose or cover SCP-146 for a period exceeding two days.
During normal storage, SCP-146 is to be kept on a marble pedestal in its storage room, located [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-146's standard storage room measures no less than twenty (20) square meters, with stuccoed walls and a ceiling painted to resemble a clear daytime sky. The room is to be kept well-lit (full daylight equivalent) at all times, furnished with an assortment of potted plants (which must be tended to daily), and decorated in the style of the Late Republican period of Rome (c. 120-80 BCE). Experimentation with different interior styles has shown that SCP-146 seems to prefer this arrangement and to have aesthetic preferences consistent with the aristocracy of Rome from that era. While this containment is standard, researchers with clearance Level 2 or higher may experiment with different containment settings in order to modify the effects of SCP-146.
While SCP-146 is non-motile and therefore requires little security itself, personnel entering its containment area or handling it in any way must not make eye contact with SCP-146. Any attempts to cover SCP-146 in order to prevent eye-contact is prohibited, as this has been shown to increase SCP-146's effect at an unpredictable rate. In general, one (1) day of covering or confinement will cause SCP-146 to skip over the beginning phase of its effect and begin with the most traumatic memories. After three (3) days, SCP-146 has been shown to produce its effect without having to make direct eye-contact first. After seven (7) days, the effect of SCP-146 is both far more intense and no longer confined to subjects within SCP-146's field of vision. Researchers in an adjacent room were affected and one was permanently [DATA REDACTED]. Permission to experiment beyond seven (7) days is denied by order of O5-█. Blinders and decorative screens are available for personnel who must enter SCP-146's containment area for maintenance.
SCP-147 is to be kept in a simulacrum of a 1950s-era living room. Its current container contains a throw rug, two armchairs, a phonograph, a rotary telephone, and other suitable decorations. SCP-147 will reject any items dating from later than late March, 1965 (See Addendum 0-40). It requires no external power source or connection.
SCP-149 in any of its instances is to be kept inside a sealed plexi-glass box for observation. Oxygen and a nutrient mist are to be released into the containment cell every two hours. If any instance of SCP-149 escapes its cell, Protocol-42-Charlie is to be brought into effect on any and all contaminated personnel, by order of O5-12, after Incident 149-1.
SCP-150 patients kept for study should be contained in Level-3 Biohazard Containment Cells, with no more than 1 instance per cell. Cultures of SCP-150 are contained in vacuum-sealed glass flasks in the Site-42 infectious materials lab. Standard pathogen-handling procedures should be followed at all times. Any instances of SCP-150 found outside of containment are to be incinerated.
SCP-151 should be kept in a locked storage compartment, covered by an opaque cloth. The keys to the compartment should be kept in the custody of the site commander when SCP-151 is not being researched. When research is being conducted, SCP-151 may be kept in a locked laboratory, provided it is always covered when not being used.
SCP-152 is to be kept in a locked chamber in Site-49, henceforth referred to as the "reading room". The reading room is off-limits to personnel below clearance level 2. The reading room will be equipped with one ceiling lamp, one security camera, one scanner-copier-printer (to be restocked with paper and ink as needed), one standard office chair, and one standard office desk upon which SCP-152 will rest. When not in use, SCP-152 is to be turned to its last page, so that any additions made to it can be immediately observed. A single guard will be posted outside of the reading room to deter unauthorized persons from entering the reading room. All personnel are advised to remain quiet if they are near the reading room.
Specimens of SCP-153 are to be kept isolated in acid-resistant containers measuring no less than 10 m x 10 m x 5 m, partially filled with sewage and organic material, at Bio-Research Area-12. Every four hours, both the level of organic content and the structural integrity of each container must be checked. Under no circumstances are these containers to be connected to any internal or external plumbing system.
Specimens of SCP-153 almost certainly still exist in the wild. Any reports of people mysteriously disappearing from showers and bathtubs must be investigated immediately. Agents must be equipped with infrared and ultraviolet sensors to circumvent SCP-153’s camouflage. Specimens should be brought alive to Area-12 if at all possible.
SCP-154 is to be kept within Weapon Locker 8, in Armed-Research Site-47. Personnel wishing to research or use item must submit the required request forms. Anyone attempting to remove the item without clearance, or from outside of the facility is to be terminated on sight.
SCP-155 is contained in a heat-treated and radiation-shielded containment chamber at Site ██. Recovered documentation and the reverse-engineered compiler for SCP-155 are available for all personnel with sufficient clearance on Site ██'s secure file server, but execution of programs on SCP-155 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers. Please see Document 155-EXEC-1 for radiation and thermal safety procedures for the safe operation of SCP-155.
As of Incident 155-08, experimentation on SCP-155 has been suspended pending decontamination of SCP-155's former containment chamber and relocation to a new containment chamber. All tasks intended for execution on SCP-155 must now be triple-checked to prevent the possibility of non-halting execution.
SCP-156 is to be kept in refrigerated Storage Unit 19c except when removed for experimentation. Subjects infected by SCP-156 are to be restrained and monitored for their own safety. From September 21st-March 21st, infected subjects should be kept within a secure storage unit unless the experiment’s parameters indicate otherwise. Both storage facilities should be monitored by security camera. The termination and autopsy of D-Class Personnel assigned to SCP-156 should be delayed until after March 21st. No personnel are permitted to consume SCP-156 except D-class personnel unless approved by a level 3 staff member.
When not being used in an experiment, SCP-157 is to be stored in its cryptobiotic form, in a dry, airtight container. It is estimated that SCP-157 can survive in this condition for at least 10 years. Specimens needed for experimentation can be removed from storage and given water then food to restore them to a usable state.
Personnel working with an active SCP-157 colony are cautioned not to eat, drink, change clothing, or apply any substance to their body in the presence of SCP-157.
Foundation MTF agents are authorized to administer Class-A amnestics to any survivors or witnesses of wild SCP-157 attacks.
SCP-158 is installed in Opeamine the room carefully for any signs of misconduct. Misconduct will be punished in a manner decided by the Chief of Research on a case-by-case basis.
SCP-159 is currently kept in a Secure Storage Locker at Site-██. Knowledge of SCP-159 is restricted to those of Level-3 or higher, and access is restricted to Level-4 or higher. SCP-159 may not be used by any personnel except for extenuating circumstances. O5 command may order SCP-159 to be moved at any time that it becomes necessary to use SCP-159 to prevent a destructive scenario.
In the event that SCP-159 is utilized in this way, it is to be powered by a dedicated high-efficiency generator and a spare supply of fuel is to be kept on hand. There is to be at least two personnel on standby during SCP-159's operation at all times.
SCP-160 is kept in a secure bio-containment chamber at Site ██. SCP-160 is to be fed live prey in the form of a rabbit or other animal of similar mass once per week, with feeding to be performed via automated delivery system only.
Experimentation with SCP-160 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel, and any personnel entering the chamber must wear an armored suit at all times.
All three instances of SCP-161 are to be kept in separate containers in containment locker 34 Zeta. Each container is to be triple locked, with all nine keys to go to separate members of the Senior Staff. Once every three months, each individual instance of SCP-161 is to be removed from containment. Current scheduling allows for only one instance to be removed in any given month.
When removing SCP-161, the remover is required to not be a member of Senior Staff; however, they are to be accompanied by the three members of Senior Staff with the keys, at all times that SCP-161 is out of containment. The remover is to be dressed in a full environmental suit, with extra reinforcement around the wrist joints, to avoid contact. The Senior Staff accompanying the remover are to be dressed similarly.
Before removal, a cell is to be set up for activation of SCP-161. Two D-Class will need to be requisitioned. One D-Class is to be strapped into a chair, immobilized, their left arm at a right angle to their body. It is imperative that their wrist be locked in, so that they cannot turn their hand, or move the angle of SCP-161. The second D-class is to be strapped to the wall directly in front of the first D-class's hand.
When removed, SCP-161 is to be immediately moved to the prepared room. SCP-161 is to be placed into the locked hand of the immobilized D-Class. Once the D-Class has activated SCP-161 once, it is to be removed from them, and returned to containment. Both-class D are then to be returned to general populace, but are never to be assigned together.
SCP-162 is to be kept in a sealed steel container at all times. Any handling is to be done with thick steel-plate gloves and heavy body armor. Any personnel attempting to touch SCP-162 without proper protection, or acting in an erratic or non-responsive manner, are to be immediately removed from the containment area. All personnel are to submit to mental testing and review for two weeks after interaction with SCP-162.
SCP-163's enclosure consists of four adjoining rooms, 3 m from floor to ceiling, with the following attributes:

One 5 m x 5 m receiving room with an airlock and seating appropriate for both SCP-163's and human morphology.
One 5 m x 3 m storage room capable of storing SCP-163's isolation suit, tools, and games.
One 20 m x 15 m workshop and dining area which contains all salvaged technology, including SCP-163-1.
One 5 m x 5 m sleep area and rest facility, furnished with seating and bedding fitting SCP-163's morphology.

Air is filtered into the enclosure and is automatically monitored at all times by computer and once daily by staff, to check for impurities. Filters are to be changed weekly or any time impurities are found in the air. Two separate lighting systems are used in the enclosure: One which produces radiation between 400 nm and 700 nm and one that produces radiation between 150 nm and 300 nm. The primary lighting system is to remain active at all times to facilitate observation. The secondary lighting system may be turned on or off at SCP-163's discretion. At no point are forbidden elements and chemicals to be introduced into the enclosure above prescribed proportions listed in Manual M-163-1. Personnel, and any items brought with them, will be checked for traces of these chemicals prior to being allowed access to the enclosure.
Personnel are to wear isolation suits at all times while in the enclosure to protect themselves and SCP-163 from cross-contamination. Before being granted clearance to enter the enclosure, personnel are to study Manual M-163-2 and submit to an interview with Dr. ████████. Cleared personnel are permitted to interact with SCP-163 by assisting it with repair of equipment and by playing board games with it.
SCP-163 may leave its enclosure at any time. It must first announce its intent to leave the enclosure through an agreed-upon gesture, and don its isolation suit. The suit contains the same air filters used to cycle the air in the enclosure. In order to facilitate vision, SCP-163 may carry a UV flashlight capable of producing radiation wavelengths of no less than 280 nm, in order to keep risk of skin cancer among personnel to a minimum. When roaming the facility, SCP-163 is to be accompanied by a junior researcher who is to record all actions, gestures, and expressions with a video camera. The escort is to also bar SCP-163 from any areas deemed dangerous to it.
Once every three (3) days, personnel are to deliver to the receiving room a 20 L container with chemical elements in proportions listed in Manual M-163-1. SCP-163 will take the container and pour its contents into SCP-163-1. The empty container is then placed in the airlock for retrieval.
Equipment may be removed from the enclosure only when in the presence of SCP-163. If SCP-163 interferes with the removal of a piece of equipment, the item is to be placed back in the area from which it was taken. At no point is SCP-163-1 to be disassembled, operated, or removed by personnel, under any circumstances. Any attempts to do so will result in severe discipline.
Cultures of SCP-164 should be contained using standard Class-3 biohazardous procedures, and stored clearly marked within a refrigerated biocontainment unit at 10 degrees Celsius. While pathogenic, SCP-164 is not highly infectious; while researchers working with raw cultures or infected subjects should use caution, latex gloves and face masks are generally effective at preventing the spread of the disease. Any personnel inadvertently infected will be subject to six months of chemotherapy upon first showing symptoms, and surgery as necessary.
Civilian outbreaks should be handled using cover-up procedure Alef-█ for contagious materials.
Housed in a facility at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14, SCP-165 is to be treated as a contagious, pathological organism. The highest sterilization and quarantine procedures are to be followed.
Microwave field generators around SCP-165's area are in place to restrict movement of its dune within its containment area. Once every nine (9) days, SCP-165 is fed live cattle weighing at least seven hundred fifty (750) kilograms.

SCP-166 can be kept safely in a minimal security environment. As of ██-██-████, SCP-166 is housed in a standard Class B suite at Site-17, with the following alterations:

The adjacent suite has been redesignated into a local observation post.


Translucent acrylic panels have been placed in the approach corridor and staging area to prevent direct line of sight into the containment suite from the exterior hallway.


Warning signs have been placed throughout the containment area indicating that no male personnel are permitted in the area.

Reasonable requests for personal items and modifications to the containment suite may be granted upon approval by a Level 4 or higher authority. To date, SCP-166 has requested:

A copy of the Holy Bible (Douay-Rheims, Challoner Revision) (granted).


A Catholic rosary (granted).


Access to a Catholic priest for confession, mass, and other sacraments (denied).


Various books and magazines, mostly religious in nature (granted, pending review and approval of contents).


A telephone with which to contact the Abbess of the ████████ ██ ████████ ██████████ Convent in Cornwall, England (granted: SCP-166 is to be allowed 1 hour of telephone time a week to this phone number only).

SCP-166 is generally content to remain in her quarters, as long as she is provided with entertainment in the form of religious materials, books, television, and art supplies. In return for her cooperation in her own confinement, SCP-166 is to be allowed a 12-hour excursion away from Site-17 to an adjacent uninhabited island no more than once per month. Limited Release Protocol 19-A is to be observed in these cases, with the added restriction that no male personnel are to be allowed within 500 m of SCP-166 during transport, and no male personnel are to be allowed on the island during her stay.
As even the lightest clothing tends to cause pressure ulcers (bedsores) within 45 minutes of constant wear, SCP-166 is allowed to go nude for medical purposes. Garments and bed linens are to be made of long-staple cotton, and should be changed weekly.
Male staff are forbidden from viewing or entering the direct vicinity of SCP-166. Violation of this order will result in immediate disciplinary review and possible termination. At least one female staff member must remain in adjacent observation room at all times, and maintain direct visual observation of SCP-166 through viewing slits or closed circuit television. In order to minimize the risk of accidental exposure, all cameras and windows shall be equipped with translucent filters with at least 50% exclusion of detail. No permanent record shall be kept of any photographic evidence of SCP-166's appearance.
SCP-166 requires no sustenance save approximately 1 cc of human semen, administered orally on a weekly basis. Arrangements have been made with a local sperm bank for this purpose. On-site procurement will be carried out in emergencies only. Despite the fact that SCP-166 requires no other sustenance, the subject can consume normal human food, and does do so.
Due to SCP-166's many health issues, medical evaluations should be carried out at least once per week.

SCP-167 is currently kept in Room ██ of Research Command-06. Its door is to be padlocked at all times when not under study. Anyone wishing to obtain the key to conduct unscheduled exploration of or to study SCP-167 may do so only with the permission of the relevant level 3 personnel assigned to this SCP.
SCP-168 is to remain in observation room 221-D of Sector-28. It should be propped at the full angle that its casing allows, facing the unshuttered window provided. The entrance is to remain locked, with entrance available by request. Based on prior research, it is not to be used as a normal calculator would. Discussion with SCP-168 is encouraged, but is to be limited to a maximum of one hour per day; no exceptions.
Because of its size, SCP-169 cannot and almost certainly will never be contained—no structure on Earth is large enough or strong enough to contain SCP-169. The location of SCP-169 is not precisely known, but imaging satellites and analyses of eccentricities in the Earth's orbit suggest SCP-169 is located in the southern Atlantic Ocean, possibly stretching around the tip of South America (see Addendum 0-20).
Any satellite footage of a shift in the landmasses produced by SCP-169 is to be excised and destroyed by embedded agents.
A 4500-liter pool of sea water located at Bio-Research Area-12 is the current research location of SCP-171. Though not immediately dangerous, minimal physical contact between secretions of SCP-171 and its hosts are to be observed. All communications between hosts and researchers are to be recorded and transcribed. Human hosts are to be fed a vegan diet of their choosing. Other animal hosts are to be fed appropriately. Fresh sea water is to be cycled into its tank regularly.
Any personnel wishing to access SCP-172 must receive written approval, and undergo a one-hour training session. All interaction with SCP-172 must be overseen by at least one class 4 operative, who may end the session at their discretion. Any and all records, drawings, or correspondence produced by SCP-172 are to be submitted immediately to Dr. █████ for review. Reasonable requests made by SCP-172 are to be granted after approval by Dr. █████. SCP-172 is allowed out of its containment area with approval, as long as it is accompanied by an armed class 4 operative.
Armed personnel are to be stationed at the door of SCP-172. Should SCP-172 attempt to escape, it is to first be asked to cease and desist, and then led back to its containment area. Containment area is to be kept stocked with paper, pencils, and any additional components requested by SCP-172. Tables, chairs, and any additional furnishings requested by SCP-172 are to be provided pending approval by Dr. █████. Upon entering its dormant state, SCP-172 should be placed in its transportation box until re-wound.
 until all personnel have vacated and relocked the container.
SCP-174 is to be contained within Storage Unit-07 at Site-19. Removal of SCP-174 from containment requires the approval of two (2) Level-4 personnel familiar with the entity. It is preferable to use personnel with high Psychic Resistance Scale scores when interacting with SCP-174. All personnel in contact with SCP-174 are to undergo psychological evaluation; those who display obsessive or protective tendencies toward the item are to be treated with Class-B amnestics and monitored for 72 hours.
Addendum to containment procedures, ██/██/20██: Following Incident 174-A, SCP-174 and the main chamber of Storage Unit-07 are to be monitored at all times via video surveillance. Abnormal activity must be reported to Dr. A█████████ immediately. Furthermore, a GPS tracking device is to be installed on SCP-174 in order to expedite recovery should the item translocate outside of Foundation custody.
SCP-175 is to be kept in a metal safe when not undergoing testing. The safe is to be secured in a storage room at Site-███, with other low-maintenance SCPs. The room will be guarded by two security guards at all times in accordance with security protocol [DATA EXPUNGED].
SCP-176 is contained on-site under the cover of industrial chemical contamination. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-176 must be detained.
Multiple high-speed cameras are set up within the observation room and linked to continuously running analysis computers. If any deviation is observed in the recorded sequence, all recorded data must be immediately backed up and senior staff notified.
Due to the safe level of the object, SCP-177 is to be contained in Dr. Calib's room, to be moved only at his discretion, or at that of a Level 4 Administrator. SCP-177 is to be kept in a Level-4 storage locker. During use of SCP-177, standard rules of chess must be adhered to; any test subject attempting to cheat or deviate from these rules is to be escorted from the room.
SCP-178 is to be stored in a Class 3 Anomalous Object Container guarded by no fewer than two (2) armed personnel with Level 3 clearance when not undergoing testing. -Alpha all tests are to be monitored remotely and the presence of all personnel apart from test subjects in the testing area during experimentation is expressly prohibited.
SCP-179 remains beyond the reach of currently known groups of interest, including the Foundation. All containment efforts are to be focused towards a Grade 3 Omission cover-up, coupled with the discouragement or sabotage of exploration and research missions that attempt to study cis-Mercurian space and orbits that go through it.
All head wear (including hair clips and bows) is restricted in Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76 for all outside security. Anyone violating this rule is subject to complete physical search, auditing of travel within Site-76, and DNA identity testing.
SCP-180 is not to leave its research laboratory. The current appearance of SCP-180 is to be reported to Security daily. Security is to be notified immediately should personnel encounter someone they don't recognize in their department, performing or dressed as if they belonged there (as their identity might have been stolen).
SCP-181 lives in the class D personnel dormitories on Bio-Research Area-12. SCP-181 is, for all intents and purposes, a Level 0 clearance personnel, knowing vaguely the nature of the SCP without any sensitive information having been revealed. Researchers and surveillance staff are reminded to not single SCP-181 out of his class D group. SCP-181 is to be rotated to a new dorm once a month instead of regulation class D termination. SCP-181 is not to be submitted to any new or Keter classified SCP testing sessions.

Memo to all staff:
In light of recent discoveries re SCP-181's anomalous properties, 181 has been transferred to Site 27-█ and placed in solitary confinement. All staff are ordered to take the fullest possible precautions when operating within the site. 181 is not to be allowed interaction with site personnel beyond the bare minimum to ensure survival and security. -Dr Knucklebone

SCP-182 is to be kept in a small environmentally-sealed structure on an otherwise-uninhabited island situated 10km off the coast of Greenland. A team of five (5) guards are to be assigned to guard the subject at all times. Guards are to be examined for psychological damage once per month; guards who show any signs of damage are to be recalled from their post and are required to undertake a full course of psychiatric therapy prior to returning to duty. No single individual is to spend more than six (6) months at a stretch on 182 guard duty, and are required to spend a minimum of three (3) months on a different assignment before returning. Personnel are entitled to refuse this assignment if they have already spent a total of eight (8) months or more on the island. SCP-182 has requested to be kept under heavy sedation for 20 hours per day. Following Incident 182-7, this privilege has been revoked.
SCP-183's container must be soundproofed and lined with heavy steel plate. Size of the container is unimportant, as SCP-183 has no apparent preference and will use as much space as it is given. Personnel are strongly advised to avoid entering the container; this is pointless and exceedingly dangerous, and any desire to do so may be indicative of hitherto unobserved psychological capabilities of SCP-183's song (see below). Openings in the container are to be small and brief, preferably exclusive to feeding purposes.
The organism has shown no real desire to escape, but should this occur, it could quickly render the entire research environment impassable, and potentially quite dangerous. SCP-183's song has been described as pleasant, and as long as no subliminal effects are observed, researchers are permitted to keep the chamber's embedded microphones active if they wish.
SCP-184 is not to be contained in any structure. SCP-184 is to be attached to a high-power electromagnet at all times. Should the electromagnet fail, agents are to report to SCP-184's containment area and prevent access to all unauthorized personnel until the electromagnet is restored to power. The containment area for SCP-184 is currently configured to resemble a park with SCP-184 and its containment magnet disguised as statuary. Any and all visitors are to be monitored.
Any structures affected by SCP-184 are to be demolished after review by [DATA EXPUNGED]. Final demolition approval or inclusion into SCP will also be determined by this body. No investigation is to be done into affected structures without approval and a rescue team on standby.
SCP-185 is to be kept in a soundproof room with noise-filtering microphones for monitoring purposes. Standard guard procedures are to be used for this object. Ear protection must be worn by all occupants in the chamber, excluding test subjects.
The site of SCP-186, comprising an approximately 300 km2 area, is to be closed to the public under the auspices of a habitat restoration initiative for the European bison. An automated security perimeter is to be established, monitored by staff at Remote Site-355. Security personnel must patrol SCP-186 every two weeks; any anomalous phenomena observed within the security perimeter must be documented and reported to the Research Director.
All known primary sources documenting the events of SCP-186 have been secured by the Foundation. These materials are to be stored in the Site-23 Archives. Due to the age of the materials and the potential for deterioration, all access to these documents must be approved by the Site-23 Archivist and handled per their instructions.
All instances of SCP-186-1 are to be secured in the munitions wing of Site-23.
As SCP-188 poses no direct threat to any Foundation assets, SCP-188 is to be contained in Storage Unit J6-455. Its presence is to be noted during the biweekly Survey of Site Assets. During this time, any environmental effects exerted by SCP-188 are to be reversed.
Samples of SCP-189 are to be stored in Cryo-containment Facility ██, with any surplus destroyed by incineration. Test subjects infected with SCP-189 are to be kept in a sealed containment chamber with an airlock that includes a chemical shower. Personnel interacting with test subjects must wear standard NBC hazard suits throughout their time inside the containment chamber, and submit to a chemical shower before exiting the airlock on their way out. When test subjects expire or are terminated, their remains must be sealed in an airtight container or body bag, which is subjected to the same chemical shower as the personnel carrying it out of the containment chamber, and disposed of by incineration.
Staff members found to be infested with SCP-189 are to be quarantined according to the procedure outlined above for test subjects, and treated with anti-parasitic agent 189-A. See Document 189-█ for treatment procedure. If SCP-189 infestation is discovered on any individual or animal at a facility, all personnel and animals at that facility are to be inspected for the presence of SCP-189 as detailed in Procedure 189-█, any staff members treated as described above, any D-Class and/or non-SCP animals terminated and incinerated, and the facility subjected to a thorough cleaning with anti-parasitic agent 189-A.
Should any cases of SCP-189 infestation be confirmed in persons or animals outside the Foundation, all those affected are to be immediately taken into custody and quarantined. Animals should be euthanised and incinerated, while humans are to be treated with anti-parasitic agent 189-A for the infestation, then administered Class C or B amnestics. Any individuals who may have been in close contact with the infectee(s) and/or entered their personal vehicle or place of residence should be checked for SCP-189 infestation and treated if necessary. Refer to Document 189-█ for suitable cover stories.
SCP-190 is kept in Security Locker 23 at Site 41. Children under the age of 10 are not allowed within 50 meters of SCP-190 except under testing conditions. All personnel working at Site 41 are to be made aware of SCP-190's secondary effect, and its innocuous nature. Personnel transfer requests made due to SCP-190's secondary effect are to be expedited, unless doing so would violate the special containment procedures for another Item.
All individuals who have directly interacted with SCP-190 are to be monitored indefinitely for long-term side effects.
SCP-191 is currently housed in a 6 m x 6 m room at Site-17. To date, SCP-191 has not made any requests for furnishings or entertainment.
Current furnishings include:

One (1) wooden-frame futon with a 15 cm (6 in) pad and standard cotton bedsheets and blankets. All sheets are to be sterilized each morning according to standard procedures. The futon pad itself will be replaced every six months, and the old pad discarded through incineration.
One (1) standard 220 V type G power outlet with an emergency cut-off box (fuse, circuit breaker, and manual non-insulating guillotine) located outside the cell.
One (1) standard hazardous waste disposal unit (liquid and solid waste). All drainage tubes shall lead directly to an incinerator unit.

SCP-191 is to be dressed in loose, sleeveless garments made of 100% long-staple cotton. Fresh clothing will be provided once daily, with used garments sterilized according to standard procedures. Bathing is to be done once every evening, in a washtub filled with a solution of water and baking soda. Feeding (in the form of a sterile saline solution supplemented with vitamins, minerals, antibiotics, and a mild anesthetic) shall be carried out twice a day via injection into a metallic tube located in the base of the neck.
SCP-191 is capable of limited self-care, including draining waste and recharging internal batteries. A log shall be kept of power consumption, and any unusual changes in power usage reported to supervising staff.
Daily inspections for injury should be carried out after bathing. Should SCP-191 require medical care, refer to documents 191-Alpha (Special Medical Needs) and 191-Alpha Supplemental (Repair of Non-Biological Components) before administering care.
At least two armed guards are to be present in the room any time that personnel have contact with SCP-191, although a translucent screen may be utilized for privacy purposes. Standard anti-computer countermeasures are ineffective, as SCP-191's components have been hardened against electromagnetic pulse (EMP).
SCP-192 is safely contained within SCP-192-F. SCP-192-F is located in Room 9-24, a standard Foundation Grade-R secure room rated for radioactive objects in Site-125A's North Wing. Room 9-24 must always have at least four functioning Geiger counters. An inspection of Room 9-24's radiation proofing and the Geiger counters must be carried out fortnightly. The housing for SCP-192 must not be breached under any circumstances.
Removal of any section of external casing of SCP-192-F must only be carried out during scheduled weekly maintenance by Level 2 staff under the supervision of a Level 3 assigned to this floor. Any breaches in the casing of SCP-192-F must be reported to Site-125A facilities management. Any breaches in the housing of SCP-192 must be treated as a radioactive object containment breach as defined by Foundation and Site-125A guidelines and a full evacuation of North Wing will be carried out by all staff. Please see Document 192-CU for clean-up and re-containment instructions based on current object analysis.
Access to the room containing SCP-192-F for testing purposes can be granted by written request to Site-125A administration staff, but will require the approval of at least one Level 3 assigned to the 9th floor. This member of staff must be present for all testing.

+ [Addendum 192-M-D - Archived Containment Procedures]

- [Archived Containment Procedures]


SCP-192 is to be maintained in lock down at its current location at ███████ Hospital, United Kingdom (Site-██A), pending further analysis.
The room containing SCP-192 is to remain locked, with the key in the possession of Dr. █████ █████████. Anyone wishing to conduct experiments with SCP-192 must have permission from the relevant Level 3 personnel assigned to this object. The hospital wing that houses SCP-192 is to remain closed, pending engineering work to stabilize the hospital buildings. The housing for SCP-192 must not be breached under any circumstances, and must be checked on a weekly basis. Maintenance will be carried out weekly.




SCP-193-01 is to be contained in Bio Site 42 bio-hazard locker 532-F at all times except during approved experiments. Every 24 hours, all instances of SCP-193-02 are to be removed from SCP-193-01 and incinerated except on feeding days. Once each week, one instance of SCP-193-02 shall be provided with 30 cc of human mucus and left in containment with SCP-193-01. Physical contact with any element of SCP-193 without full level 2 bio-hazard gear is strongly discouraged. Personnel believed to be suffering from exposure to SCP-193-03 shall report to a supervisor for immediate medical examination and assistance.
Instances of SCP-194 are to be kept in an aviary on the grounds on Site-43. The area around this aviary will be fenced in with no less than fifty (50) meters of space between the aviary itself and any part of the fence. SCP-194 is to be fed daily on dead rodents; discarded feathers from SCP-194 can be collected at the time of feeding. Only personnel that do not have a history of introversion or isolation may be tasked with feeding SCP-194. Instances of SCP-194-1 are to be kept in a locked chamber underground in Site-43. This chamber will be furnished with straw and a ceiling light to simulate the sun. SCP-194-1 is to be fed a diet identical to that of SCP-194 with the addition of feathers from SCP-194 on request. At no time may SCP-194-1 come into contact with SCP-194 unless SCP-194-1 has fully transformed into SCP-194. Personnel are forbidden to interact with SCP-194-1 outside of interviews and other events scheduled with Dr. ████████████. Personnel who have had unauthorized interactions with SCP-194 or SCP-194-1 must undergo mandatory psychiatric evaluation.
One case containing seventeen (17) bottles of SCP-195 exists in Foundation custody. It is kept in a number three Secure Containment Locker unit in the Safe-class storage section of Site-1279. Access to SCP-195 requires written authorisation from no fewer than two Level Four personnel and accompaniment by a member of site security. Due to the untested possibility of exposure due to the inhalation of evaporated SCP-195, access requires full level-C HAZMAT kit including respirator gear.
It is possible that further instances of SCP-195 exist. All recovery agents are advised to make note of bottles of similar style or bearing similar labels to contained samples of SCP-195, as well as [REDACTED]. Should further instances of SCP-195 be discovered, they are to be collected by a temporary containment team in full HAZMAT kit including respirators.
SCP-196 must be kept wholly ignorant of any information regarding the reason for his containment. The subject is to be kept in a two room cell inside Site-17. This cell is to be furnished with whatever SCP-196 requests as long as the request does not show any obvious likely lethal use and does not violate any SCP procedure. Subject must cohabit with at least one (1) member of the Site's Level 2 security personnel who must be armed exclusively with non-lethal weaponry. Subject is allowed to freely wander the installation if accompanied by at least one (1) member of Site-17's security personnel. Note that all staff below Level 3 have been told he is a Safe class object. SCP-196 has agreed to wear a satellite tracking anklet. Subject was told that removal of this anklet would result in his death, but this is not actually the case. SCP-196 displays no extraordinary physical ability, thus probability of escape is negligible.
SCP-197 is maintained on site by local research team Beta-5 "Green Thumbs." Plants may not be removed from SCP-197 without permission from the plant, Dr. Kingsley and appropriate documentation. Plants which are removed from SCP-197 must be monitored and retrieved if necessary.
To maintain secrecy, SCP-197 has been emptied and abandoned. Under cooperation with local city officials, the building and many other nearby structures have been condemned. On site security are to check the premises on a weekly basis to physically remove any plant material. The use of fire is not recommended unless it is necessary to facilitate the total removal of any vegetation found within SCP-197. Herbicides are to be applied on a monthly basis to discourage any future attempt at growth.
SCP-198 is located in a secure room of Site-██ with armed guards posted outside to prevent any unauthorized access. SCP-198 is to be stored under 24-hour video surveillance in a sealed and locked case (0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m) and the key kept in a secured location accessible only to those personnel with Level 3 clearance and above. Under no circumstances are any Foundation personnel to handle SCP-198. All handling of SCP-198 is to be done via remote robotic means or by D-class test subjects only.
In light of Incident 198-A and Incident 198-B,  and Containment Protocol 198 has been established. SCP-198’s case must now be kept on a digital scale attached to an alarm system with redundant backups for power in its secure room. Any deviations in weight will indicate a breach and Site Supervisors must immediately enact Containment Protocol 198 detailed below.
A garden of SCP-199 has been built at Site-19 for research and containment. The garden is kept in a ventilated containment unit with artificial light suitable for plant growth and an automatic watering system. The ceiling is covered with an electrified grate capable of destroying instances of SCP-199-2. The entire chamber is to be surrounded with a Faraday cage to prevent emission of SCP-199-3.
Instances of SCP-199 or SCP-199-2 found outside of containment are to be destroyed with fire or pesticides.
SCP-200 requires a temperate, secure environment, large enough to house the 1.68 x 2 m bed frame it is affixed to. The room should be equipped with a large viewing window such that SCP-200 may be observed with minimal disturbance. In fact, when not being directly tested, SCP-200 should be left undisturbed. Particular care should be taken when collecting samples to avoid compromising the delicate outer shell of SCP-200.
An automated mister should be set up to apply a fine mist to SCP-200 once a day. If SCP-200 appears to be drying out, an additional mist can be applied, but care should be taken not to allow it to become too moist.
Due to the uncertain nature of SCP-200, the door to its containment area should be kept locked at all times and direct interaction is restricted to Clearance Level 2 staff as a precaution.
No personnel are to come within forty meters of SCP-201 at any time. Any and all work done with SCP-201 is to be performed via remotely controlled drone. Any personnel entering the containment area must be accompanied by two members of security. All personnel in containment area must wear a restraint harness with safety rope attached to the wall. Rope will allow access to within three meters of the minimum safe area. Exceeding this distance will result in physical removal from containment area and formal discipline.
Those affected by SCP-201 are to have time and date of exposure, disappearance, and return, along with any and all personal information, recorded in Log ███████. Subjects who reappear are to be recovered as soon as possible by Agents and debriefed immediately.
Research is being conducted on SCP-202 at Bio-Research Area-12. Here, researchers are actively seeking to understand and cure the condition plaguing SCP-202. He is granted full amenities of Level-0 personnel quarters when not being examined. SCP-202 is under the assumption that he is in a hospital and is not to be made aware that his 'doctors' are in fact SCP researchers.
SCP-203 is to be kept in Storage Bunker 3-A at Research Facility ██ while powered down. Two D-Class personnel equipped with sound filtration equipment are required to guard Bunker 3-A in case of accidental activation of defense mechanism. While active, SCP-203 is to be accompanied by an armed escort to any testing procedures.
SCP-204-1 and SCP-204-2 are to be kept in a 10 m x 10 m fortified holding area in Site-██. The holding area must be constructed out of armor plated steel and heavily-reinforced concrete. The holding area must also be vacuum sealed and contained within an outer shell with a higher air pressure that must always be maintained with at least 2 PSI over the current air pressure in the holding area. At least one full security team must be kept on standby at all times.
It is only during SCP-204-1's scheduled feeding times that D-class personnel are allowed to enter for the purposes of maintenance. SCP-204-1's typical diet consists of any kind of meat, preferably from living subjects. Such subjects will often consist of aggressive animals such as wild dogs, bulls, or any other animal that must be euthanized due to aggression. However, D-class personnel will also suffice if such food sources are unavailable. SCP-204-2's diet consists of a regular human diet with no special measures required. SCP-204-2 is allowed to make special requests, but any and all requests must be given O5 approval. Any personnel caught attempting to deliberately provoke SCP-204-2 will be immediately terminated.
Security personnel are required to ignore any and all of SCP-204-2's attempts to provoke a response from them unless there is a clear and present risk of containment breach. Failure to do so will result in harsh administrative punishment.
When SCP-204-2 is about to turn the age of fourteen, the Foundation must initiate Containment Protocol 204. Further details may be found in Containment Protocol 204 Requirements.
In the event of a containment breach, EMP generators must be immediately activated in order to keep SCP-204-1 disabled. Once EMP generators have been activated, security teams have approximately thirty seconds to neutralize SCP-204-2 before SCP-204-1 can adapt and reassemble itself. If containment cannot be achieved in this time, SCP-204-1 must be contained by conventional means. Security teams and agents are authorized to use any conventional weaponry at their disposal to contain SCP-204-1 and SCP-204-2. If SCP-204-2 is terminated during containment, then Containment Protocol 204 must immediately be initiated.
SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are contained within Chamber 52 at Site-23, under regular observation via the adjoining observation room. SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are to be supplied with power and face the white projection screen on the wall opposite the observation window at all times. Chamber 52 requires monthly maintenance to ensure the continued operation of both SCP objects, their power supply and remote activation controls. Replacement parts and bulbs are kept on hand in the chamber. Maintenance is suspended during the final month of the SCP-205 cycle, occurring in April and October of each year. Should power to Chamber 52 fail it is to remain dark and sealed for a period of thirty days before local security enters to re-engage power for continued observation and containment.
During maintenance it is critical that only one of the SCP-205 pair is ever turned off at a time. Should both objects lose power or otherwise cease normal operation the chamber must be sealed for a 30 day period before local security may enter to re-engage power and retrieve the remains of any personnel lost in the chamber.
Pending O5 review, testing and observation is to continue before SCP-205 is to be moved to permanent storage.
As SCP-206 is currently unable to be secured, an information suppression plan has been put into effect to conceal its existence. Frequencies known to be used by SCP-206 are to be monitored, and all images relayed to Earth via other probes or satellites deleted from non-Foundation assets after they have been retrieved. Technology and astronomy websites, journals and periodicals are to be monitored for discussion of the rover or the receipt of unusual photographs (see Document 206-AA12 for complete list). Persons who become aware of the existence of SCP-206 are to be administered amnestics.
UPDATE - 30/11/20██: As orbital observation of SCP-206 has proven possible, agents within satellite and aerial imaging organizations are directed to keep watch for instances of SCP-206, and remove the images concerned. Deployment of 'image corruption' cover story suggested.
SCP-207 is to be stored in a waterproofed locking metal container measuring 1 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m. The key is to be issued to the current head researcher of Site-██'s bio-containment area. SCP-207 is to be retained inside this area at all times, and all personnel entering the area should be checked for any food or drink items, in addition to any other searches required. Any staff seen ingesting SCP-207-1 are to be retained for future study, with all Foundation clearance levels removed.
All vending machines in Site-██ are to only dispense clear carbonated beverages; any variation from transparent is to be investigated immediately.
Due to his docile manner, minimum containment procedures are to be applied to SCP-208. SCP-208 is to be housed in a 10 m x 10 m room decorated in traditional Egyptian style, furnished with a single couch and a stereo system stocked with music of North African origin of any era. Surveillance is to be maintained during all movement outside of containment. SCP-208 is approved to operate at Site-17’s medical wing.
SCP-209 is to be held in a 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m pressure-sealed storage locker, insulated to prevent any potential aroma from release to the surrounding area. Access to SCP-209 is limited to a single Class 2 or higher staff member for any transport. A standard security detail should accompany any transport of SCP-209 at a distance of at least twenty-three (23) meters. No more than one (1) human subject of any classification should be within the minimum safe distance of twenty (20) meters of SCP-209 at any time outside of a research trial setting.
As current hypotheses regarding the function of SCP-209's "active" phase indicate enticement to use through olfactory manipulation of some kind, any staff assigned to research trial or security detail should be equipped with personal air filtration devices rated at Foundation standards of at least Euclid-III (HEPA filter, oil-resistant).
Research has approved the use of the prototype modular keycard system (SCPassport) for SCP-209's storage locking mechanism. The keycard for SCP-209 storage is modified with a proximity alarm and deactivation protocol to enforce the single user only containment mandate. If more than one (1) human subject is detected in the proximity of both the keycard device and lock, a Level I containment breach alarm will be sounded and the locking system disabled to prevent removal of SCP-209 from its storage locker.
The property containing SCP-210 has been designated as Site-███. The primary responsibility of guards on Site-███ is to prevent entry by trespassers and maintain the cover story detailed in Document 210-01. The servant's quarters adjacent to SCP-210 have been deemed safe for human habitation and may be used for on-site housing. A remotely controlled vehicle is to be sent into SCP-210 on a monthly basis to catalog any changes.
Because of the suburban location of SCP-211, the surrounding neighborhood has been vacated through intentional introduction of pollutive industry and redistricting, to promote “NIMBY” sentiment. In addition, the property surrounding SCP-211 is currently under Foundation management, and an armed guard has been stationed in the buildings. Unauthorized personnel entering the area are to be terminated on sight.
A series of explosive charges has been set within SCP-211, and is to be examined every ██ days for degradation. Should SCP-211 become overtly hostile or neutralization is otherwise requested, it is to be terminated by detonating these charges simultaneously.
To avoid inadvertent activation of SCP-211's defense mechanisms, extraction of SCP-211-1 should take place at a rate of fewer than █ pages per hour.
Use of SCP-212 must be cleared by the current containment site’s chief medical officer. Any subjects undergoing operation by SCP-212 must submit to full physical and psychological testing both before and after exposure. Resistance to testing will result in termination of subject.
All personnel are to keep at least 1.5 m (5 ft) from SCP-212 when not in operation. Armed personnel are authorized to use whatever force deemed necessary to prevent unauthorized exposure. Should any personnel accidentally become exposed to SCP-212, full quarantine, testing, and judicial review will be initiated as soon as the subject is released by SCP-212.
SCP-213 is contained in a high security humanoid containment cell within Site-77. The chamber is to be surrounded by a 10 meter wide zone filled with gaseous materials corrosive to human skin. SCP-213 should be informed as to the nature of its containment, to prevent manifestation of its effect which would result in additional containment breaches. A staffing of two guards armed with high pressure hoses, oleoresin capsicum, and polymer web grenades should be stationed outside the containment unit at all times.
SCP-214 is to be contained in a 4 by 4 meter quarantine cell suitable for long term human habitation within Bio-Research Area-12. It is to be considered an etiological agent of a level four biohazard. Level four biohazard containment requires clean rooms, pre- and post-entry decontamination showers, and a vacuum antechamber. All air and water sources to SCP-214's containment area are to be isolated from the rest of the area. All employees entering SCP-214's containment area must wear hazmat-suits with self-contained oxygen supply and supplemental cut-resistant liner. The cell shall be under continuous observation using remote video surveillance. SCP-214 is to be considered a danger to itself and others and shall not be allowed to possess potentially dangerous utensils. Due to SCP-214's distinct perception of pain, guards shall not cause physical injury to it except under the direction of Level 2 staff.
Beyond the above procedures, all personnel intending to interact with SCP-214 are to undergo psychological evaluation. Any employees with prior history of depression are not permitted to interact with it. Regular sessions of psychological observation are to occur post-research on all participants. Any personnel exhibiting two or more of the following symptoms during observation are to be quarantined immediately in identical containment to SCP-214:

self-harming behaviors
blunted affect
glossolalia
logorrhea
compulsive lying
silvery discharge from mucus membranes or wounds
obsessive-compulsive behaviors, particularly in writing or speech

Research staff is heavily encouraged to read Log-214 and Interview-214 before conducting experiments, as a precautionary measure.
SCP-215 presents no threat unless worn, and so shall be kept in Dr. Naamdi's office until studies are concluded. SCP-215 is to be kept in its case when not in use, so as to prevent scratches to the lenses.
SCP-216 currently resides in Laboratory 5. Access requires Level 2 clearance. Insertion of recording devices into SCP-216 is prohibited without O5 approval.
Containment area is to be kept behind two reverse-pressure airlocks. Chemical shower sterilization, full contained-atmosphere haz-mat suits, and 24-hour post-interaction quarantine and testing are mandatory for all personnel entering containment area. Should containment be breached, the blast door for the containment and research area will seal, and chemical agent ZEER-217-11 will be pumped into the air.
Any humans exposed to SCP-217 are to be contained and held for observation. Any items touched by those affected by SCP-217 must be sterilized.
SCP-218 is contained within a standard aquatic specimen tank (saltwater). Tank maintenance is to be carried out by remote drone only. No further procedures are required.
When not in use, SCP-219 is to be kept in a dismantled state. All of SCP-219's parts, as well as replacements for those parts, will be stored in the Engineering Division warehouse on the grounds of Site-43. SCP-219 is not to be tested within twenty-four (24) kilometers of any Foundation facility that houses Euclid or Keter-class objects.
SCP-220 is housed in an empty condominium on property recently acquired by Research Sector-09. The subject believes the building to be occupied by other residents, and should be allowed to persist in this belief.
A false bus stop has been installed near the building's entrance; this measure has proven sufficient in deterring SCP-220 from wandering outside the containment perimeter. SCP-220 exhibits trepidation when venturing beyond the building's lobby, most likely due to mobility challenges; the subject will sometimes remain seated at the bus stop for upwards of one hour, before returning indoors.
SCP-220's room has been provided with a telephone connected to an automated recording service, ostensibly a courtesy of the residence; dietary, medical, and recreational needs are to be ascertained from these recordings and several live video feeds. New requests should be submitted to Dr. Hart for approval or denial.
In light of Incident 220-P, only D-class subjects are approved for in-person contact with SCP-220 and should be immediately quarantined after testing, in accordance with Sector-09's Type 2 Contagion Procedure.
SCP-221 is to be kept in a locked container where it cannot be removed except for further testing by Security Clearance Level 2 Personnel. The container is a 15.25 cm by 15.25 cm steel box with a cushioned interior, with an internal locking system. The container is to be placed in a locked room, with a guard to ensure that SCP-221 is not taken.
SCP-222 itself requires no special containment. It also cannot be moved. The site is guarded by SCP Foundation personnel as well as a rotating mix of US, Italian, and NATO soldiers (none of whom are aware of its significance). Foundation personnel travel to and from the site very often, and their true numbers are carefully hidden from the soldiers (and usually from personnel below clearance level 3).
SCP-223 is kept in a locked containment vault in Site-19. If the two (2) photos missing from SCP-223 are recovered, they should be stored in two separate, specially prepared vaults at Site-17.
Any personnel who see any anomalies appear anywhere in SCP-223 must be reassigned to another project immediately. Such personnel must be kept under observation for mental instability (including tri-weekly examination by a site psychiatrist) and are advised to minimize their exposure to photographs of any kind.
’s enclosure must be kept free from moisture to avoid rapid oxidation.
In the event that the clock begins to chime, all personnel must evacuate the area, and the location should be secured following procedure Zeit 77.
SCP-225-1 is contained at Site-65 for study and experimentation. No guards are necessary for the object itself, as theft is impossible and the object is harmless for the moment. Ongoing tests are to be made to find a way to eliminate SCP-225-1, or at least to find a way to move it from its position in a controllable fashion.
SCP-225-2 is as yet uncontainable and should be monitored as best as possible as it travels, with constant updates as to its current position, speed, and trajectory, along with projections as to its estimated position for the next 50 years.
As of this writing SCP-225 poses no immediate threat. However, in the event that a collision course with SCP-225-1 is detected, SCP-225 is to be immediately upgraded to Keter, and every effort must be made to find a way to alter SCP-225-1 or SCP-225-2 from their courses.
All Foundation resources are to be made available for this objective should a collision ever become probable. Planetary evacuation plans are to be drawn up as a precaution, as are revised containment procedures for Keter level items whose containment being compromised by [DATA EXPUNGED] would not also result in the item's imminent destruction.
SCP-227 is to be kept in a climate-controlled room, at a temperature of 21-24°C and humidity no higher than 10%. Anyone touching the object is required to wear surgical gloves; a supply of these is to be kept with SCP-227 at all times. Food, drink, cigarettes, or any other sources of contamination are not allowed inside of the containment area. Loose clothing, hair, or other adornment is not recommended. Only personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher are allowed access to SCP-227, although lower ranking staff are allowed to use the object while under supervision. If SCP-227 needs to be transported to another location, it should be sealed in an insulated, airtight container filled with an inert gas.
SCP-228 will be used to conduct experimental psychiatric testing at Site-23.
SCP-228 is to be kept under glass in observation room 113-AD-C at Site-23. Access to observation room 113-AD-C will require either level four authorization or a signed notification from Medical Director Light.
Observation room 113-AD-C is to be monitored by no fewer than four (4) high definition video cameras and a reinforced one way observation mirror running the full length of the east wall.
When a subject observes SCP-228, their reaction is to be documented by no fewer than five (5) researchers stationed behind the observation mirror, as well as the subject's accompanying psychiatrist.
No electrical devices of any kind are allowed inside or within thirty meters of the containment area. Any and all personnel entering the containment area are to be clad in lead-lined clothing and helmets. Anything found to be infested by SCP-229 is to be immediately incinerated and the resulting ash and debris contained and disposed of under protocol XJR-99.
Containment area is to be composed of a hollow cube of 18 cm thick granite, 8 meters on a side, with a single door and airlock. These are to operate with no electrical components, and those components are to be made of wood or stone whenever possible.
Any organism infested with SCP-229 is to be immediately incinerated. Any items or staff exiting the containment area must be scanned and cleared by site security.


Large SCP-229 infestation in an Iraq neighborhood. Picture taken shortly before sterilization.


SCP-230 is kept in a secure room in Site-██. The room must have a controlled ventilation system so that air exiting the room can be properly filtered before it reenters the regular ventilation system of the complex. SCP-230 is to be given anything he requests that does not violate standard procedures for SCP containment. The door is set to automatically lock every time it closes and can only be opened from outside the room. Personnel entering SCP-230's room must wear a full HAZMAT suit with its own oxygen supply. Personnel exposed to the air in SCP-230's cell or who come in physical contact with SCP-230 or any of SCP-230's bodily fluids must be contained and held for observation for no less than one month. Personnel still exhibiting symptoms from SCP-230 after one month are to be terminated. If personnel are cleared by on-site staff after a month, they are then to be transferred and forbidden contact with SCP-230.
Due to recent events, subjects that have been exposed and cleared by staff are required to undergo regular psychological exams. If upon exam the personnel exhibits any of the traits shown in document 230-4436b, the personnel is to be terminated.
NOTE: Subject has made several escape attempts utilizing personnel exposed to SCP-230. This represents a low threat due to the fact that exposed personnel are usually impaired; however, personnel will become violent in order to stay in SCP-230's presence.
Following repeated escape and suicide attempts, and based on the failure of containment for SCP-231-1 through 6, containment of SCP-231-7 has been amended to the following: SCP-231 is to be contained within a soundproof holding cell, adjacent to holding cells for six Class D Personnel assigned for the purposes of Procedure 110-Montauk. Cameras will monitor every inch of the cell at all times, and must be manned 24 hours a day. Malfunctioning monitoring equipment will be replaced without delay by psychologically screened staff. Doors will be magnetically locked, openable only by positive action by the control and monitoring facility. This includes all doors linking the main holding cell to those of the six Class D Personnel.
SCP-231-7 is to be kept restrained to a hospital bed at all times except for the purposes of Procedure 110-Montauk. Hydration will be provided through IV drip. Feeding will be carried out twice per day through feeding tube by approved medical personnel who have not taken the Hippocratic Oath. Under no circumstances are narcotics, anesthesia, or other unapproved medications to be administered to SCP-231-7.
the potter told his 'prentice to prepare him seven jars. six he made with grace and skill, the last his hands did mar.
Procedure 110-Montauk is to be carried out at least once every 24 hours by Class D Personnel. During Procedure 110-Montauk, at least one Security Clearance 4/231 staff member must monitor the procedure by camera at all times, although the sound may be turned off if the vocalizations of SCP-231-7 become too distressing. Following the procedure, all Class D Personnel must return to their holding cells or explosive collars will be detonated.
the cretin moon no more is howling, gone its mourning black. in their dreams its face is prowling, come to take them back.
[DATA EXPUNGED PER ORDER OF O5-██ ON ██-██-████. INFORMATION MOVED TO EYES-ONLY DOCUMENT 231-110-MONTAUK. ACCESS TO 231-110-MONTAUK IS LIMITED TO PERSONNEL WITH SECURITY CLEARANCE 4/231]
SCP-232 is to be kept in a locked safe in the Cognitohazard wing of Site 73. When not in use for testing, its batteries are to be removed. When batteries are not installed, SCP-232 may be handled safely by any authorized staff member. The Foundation is to monitor online auction houses and dealers of vintage toys, and acquire any products of the same model as SCP-232 for testing and disposal. Any other instances of SCP-232 discovered are to be archived appropriately.
When batteries are installed, personnel other than D-Class are not to handle SCP-232 for any period longer than necessary to install and remove batteries. Staff members who have been exposed to works in the Jack Proton franchise, in any format, are not to handle SCP-232 for any period of time while batteries are installed. D-Class carrying SCP-232 for testing purposes are to be monitored at all times and terminated if SCP-232-related behavior should pose a security risk.
The copyright, publication, and merchandising rights of the Jack Proton novels and all spinoff media are to be held by Springfield Crown Publishing, a Foundation front company, for the purpose of keeping the works out of print, thereby preventing activation of anomalous properties in any SCP-232 instances that may exist outside containment. In the event of any public occurrences of SCP-232 behavior, the Foundation shall liaise with local law enforcement authorities to recover the artifact and issue Class-A amnestics to affected parties as appropriate. The Foundation shall encourage world governments to enact extensions to international copyright law as necessary to prevent the Jack Proton franchise from lapsing into the public domain; in the event that any Jack Proton franchise material becomes public domain, DDoS techniques and/or mass deployment of Class-E amnestics is authorized as appropriate.
SCP-233 is to be kept within a cubical vanadium-lined container, dimensions 23 by 23 by 23. The unit of measure is irrelevant. A 23-meter safe zone is to be established around the object: no Class D personnel older or younger than 23 years of age are to be allowed within the safe zone. For optimal results, Class D personnel with birthdays falling on the 23rd of the month should be used. No firearms other than those chambered for special-purpose .2323 caliber rounds are to be allowed within the containment chamber. Shift changes will occur at 23 minutes past the hour, with the final shift change occurring at 2323 Greenwich Mean Time exactly.
Under no circumstances are [REDACTED]mm ammunition, Class D personnel born in the month of [REDACTED] or on the [REDACTED], [REDACTED], or twenty-[REDACTED] of the month, or any [REDACTED]-sided object to be brought within the 23-meter safe zone. Personnel are cautioned to take special care at [REDACTED] minutes past the hour, especially [REDACTED] hours, as this is the time period during which the object is most active. For best results, the 23-meter safe zone should be cleared of all personnel during that time period.
SCP-234 is studied at Containment Area 06-234, which encompasses the 300 meter radius Red Zone of SCP-234. The main laboratory building within the Red Zone is built as an "open-air" structure, with no doors or closed windows. No closed containers or spaces of any kind are allowed within the Red Zone of SCP-234. Any space which inadvertently becomes closed within the Red Zone is to be declared a Class II dimensional/implosion hazard and must be remotely destroyed on-site following mandatory evacuation of the laboratory area. Personnel trapped within a closed space are to be considered lost.
Experimentation with SCP-234 may only be performed with express, prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel. Experimentation which introduces closed spaces into the Red Zone of SCP-234 may not exceed 1 L in volume, and must be treated as a Class III dimensional/implosion hazard.
Currently, four (4) instances of SCP-235 have been recovered. All instances are to be kept in a secure storage locker within Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76. Authorization of two (2) Clearance Level 2 staff is required to remove an instance of SCP-235 from storage for research and testing purposes.
Any and all materials leaving the containment area are to be scanned for any contamination by SCP-236. Any objects showing contamination by SCP-236 are to be immediately returned to the containment area and cleared of contamination. Personnel leaving the containment area must submit to a full physical examination and X-ray.
No objects are to be left in the containment area without personnel present. Any objects appearing in the containment area are not to be touched until cleared by supervising personnel. Blast doors are to be opened only to allow personnel in and out of the containment area.
No sudden movement or aggressive action of any kind is allowed in the containment area. Containment area is to be kept as dark as possible, with night-vision goggles recommended for all interacting personnel. Should traditional lighting be necessary, lights must be turned on remotely and a waiting period of one hour is to be observed before entry will be allowed.
The recovered components of SCP-237-1 have been individually shrink-wrapped, and are to be stored separately; laser grids are established around each component to detect any incipient signs of activity.
The individual instances of SCP-237-2 are contained in separate proportionately-reduced humanoid containment cells, with supervised interaction between instances being permitted contingent on good behavior. Personnel supervising interaction between instances of SCP-237-2 are required to be fluent in spoken Japanese; all interactions are to be recorded and filmed.
Instances of SCP-237-2 will periodically request supplies of resin and clay with which to repair damage to themselves; to de-incentivize self-harm and prevent stockpiling, these requests are to be fulfilled no more often than once a month, and any supplies not used in repairing damage are to be removed.
Standard data-mining bots have been introduced into the law-enforcement IT infrastructure throughout the Kansai region of Japan, to maintain surveillance for uncontained instances of SCP-237-2. Standard Internet-monitoring bots have been set to watch video-sharing sites for further copies of SCP-237-1's videos; all such copies are to be taken down via Prenda protocols.
SCP-238 is currently contained by the original means. Current SCP protocols have proven unable to fully contain SCP-238. All exploration of SCP-238 is suspended until full, sustained containment has been achieved. Any and all personnel attempting to enter SCP-238 are to be physically restrained and moved to an outside containment area. Upkeep of the current barrier is top priority, and a minimum of two personnel are to be present at all times for upkeep and security.
No testing, samples, or exploration may be conducted within SCP-238 until full containment of SCP-238 has been achieved, or with approval by Site Overwatch. Any and all persons entering are to be deemed missing, presumed dead.
SCP-239 is to be kept within a one room cell furnished with 1 (one) bed, 1 (one) EKG machine, and 1 (one) IV to be filled with pentobarbital mixed with [DATA EXPUNGED] to be refilled daily. Under no circumstances is SCP-239 to be removed from her containment area at any given time. The walls of this cell are to be coated in a telekill-lead alloy. Only Class 2 personnel are allowed any contact with SCP-239 at any time. All personnel guarding SCP-239's containment area are to be equipped with Telekill headgear (SCP-148). Subject's proper name is Sigurrós Stefánsdóttir. Under absolutely no condition should the subject ever be awakened. Any personnel found attempting to awaken the subject will be immediately terminated.
SCP-240 is to be kept in the Secure Artifact Storage Facility in Site-77. Due to its age and delicate construction, SCP-240 is to be contained in a vacuum sealed container with humidity and temperature levels constantly monitored and controlled. The mouthpiece is to be permanently covered. No subjects are permitted to enter SCP-240's containment chamber.
SCP-241 is to be kept at Site-19 using standard operating procedures for containing Safe-class book- and manuscript-type SCPs (see Document 241-05-3H), with the following additional conditions: SCP-241 must be kept open on a flat surface, with restraints across opposing pages of the open book to keep it from closing accidentally. Containment devices must be checked at least once a week for structural integrity. Any anomalies must be reported immediately to Site Command.
Access to SCP-241 is restricted. Any and all usage of SCP-241 must be logged. SCP-241 must be transported in an authorized bookstand such that it cannot accidentally be closed in transit.
In the event that SCP-241 is opened outside of a testing environment, the last person to have touched it must report to the nearest infirmary, and a D-class personnel must close and re-open SCP-241.
SCP-242 is kept at a home located in ████████, NM procured by the Foundation on ██/██/████. The original owner was an out of state landlord who had problems keeping it rented. After retiring, he moved there, but disappeared after three days.
The home is unremarkable and is inhabited by Dr. ██████ and Dr. ██████████ who pose as a married couple with no children. The backyard is defined along its perimeter with a cinder block wall approximately 2 m high in accordance with the homes in the general vicinity. The pool is monitored at all times by a single Level 1 guard who also covers as the couple's live-in cook (human monitoring was added after Incident 242-1). Swimming or wading in the pool is strongly discouraged and any access to the pool by anyone other than Class D personnel for experimental reasons is forbidden.
SCP-243 is to be secured in the geometric center of a standard containment cell no less than 16 m x 16 m x 16 m. The cell is to be connected to an adjacent room of similar size and composition by one standard lockable door; all exits to the cells are to be kept locked and guarded against unauthorized access.
No Eligible Group (more than 4 identical inanimate objects; see below) is permitted into the containment cell, nor any item capable of producing such a group, except as necessary for testing. Personnel entering the cell are subject to search & seizure of unauthorized multiples.
Objects animated by SCP-243 are to be removed to the adjacent room for study. Undesirable animated items are to be disposed of promptly, by incineration if appropriate. In the event that SCP-243 is applied to other SCP objects, or to other items of similar value, the "flock" is to be separated and held in standard Safe- or Euclid-class inanimate item lockers until the effects wear off.
Following Incident 243-02, bringing Eligible Groups of weapons, easily weaponized objects, or dry-cell batteries into SCP-243's containment is strictly forbidden.
When not in testing, SCP-244-1 is to be placed in a room with its own thermostat, kept at a temperature of no less than 38℃. This room must also have its own ventilation system to provide constant air circulation. SCP-244-1 will rest on top of a scale attached to an alarm, so that any abrupt changes in weight from SCP-244-1's cap's sudden removal or from SCP-244-1's displacement may be immediately detected. If the alarm goes off, SCP-244-1 is to be immediately retrieved, capped, and placed back on the scale. In the event that SCP-244-1 spends longer than four (4) hours uncapped and active before retrieval is possible, initiate Procedure 244-2123-B.
Copies of SCP-245-1 are to be contained on airgapped computers. These computers are to be located on floor 10, section C of Site-88. Individual iterations of SCP-245-1 are to be monitored and completed on a regular basis to ensure continued containment.
Major changes to SCP-245-1's gameworld are to be reported to SCP-245's project head. Under no circumstances should SCP-245-1's master password be revealed to any entities encountered in SCP-245-1.
SCP-246 is to be kept in a wooden crate within Site-██'s secure storage. Researchers who requisition its use for experimentation are responsible for their own room arrangements. SCP-246 is otherwise not to be removed from its container, especially for recreational use.
SCP-247 is kept in an enclosure of at least 20 (twenty) by 40 (forty) meters, furnished based on the plans provided by the [REDACTED] Zoo and lined with SCP-148 offset from the rest of Site-██ by at least 50 (fifty) meters in order to mitigate its psychic effect. (As per current containment procedures for SCP-148, its use in the containment of other SCPs is to be avoided if at all possible. - O5-█). SCP-247 is to be fed 18 kilograms of fresh meat on a tri-weekly basis. Feeding occurs in a separate enclosure. Cleaning staff should enter the enclosure only during designated feeding times. No other access to the enclosure is allowed. The footage resulting from any violation of this order is to be archived for use in training the cleaning and monitoring staff of SCP-247.
In case of a containment breach, the entire wing must be evacuated and all live footage of the incident heavily censored. The area SCP-247 occupies will be sealed off and gassed, followed by the return of SCP-247 to containment. If for any reason this should become impossible, a retrieval team will be sent in armed with heavy tranquilizer rifles. Retrieval team Agents must be specially selected for high reflexes, excellent marksmanship, unquestioning obedience, and low empathy scores.
SCP-248 is to be kept in a fire-proof safe in Dr. Mize's office unless being used directly for testing purposes. The safe has a keypad-style opening mechanism. Any personnel of at least Level 2 Security Clearance have full permission to access SCP-248, as the numeric code is [REDACTED].
SCP-250 is to be kept in a 50-meter-by-50-meter enclosure simulating a prairie environment, with padded steel walls 15 m high and 1 m thick. The temperature must remain between 20 and 28 degrees Celsius by day, and between 10 and 14 degrees Celsius by night, with an average humidity of no more than 8%; this serves the dual purpose of ensuring that SCP-250's overall behavior remains predictable, and of maintaining the physical integrity of its component parts. Vegetation within the enclosure is to be maintained on a weekly basis; see document 250-MB48 for details.
Although SCP-250 does not physically require nutrition, it is to be fed one live adult pig every two (2) days in order to regulate its aggression and hunting instincts. The remnants of its meal are to be removed from its enclosure no less than one (1) hour after the onset of its nightly dormancy period; this includes cleaning any residual biological debris from SCP-250's physical components with compressed air and whisk brooms. At no point during cleaning are any of SCP-250's physical components to be moved by more than 1 meter in any direction, as this risks disrupting its dormancy. Dormancy ends within five minutes of sunrise; access to SCP-250's containment during its activity period is prohibited.
SCP-251 is to be kept in a locked container at all times. No one is to enter the container alone. If anyone is found to have been left alone in the container for any amount of time, they are to be treated as violently hostile and terminated with extreme prejudice.
The container is to be guarded by armed personnel at all times and guards should never allow anyone, regardless of clearance level, to move the artifact or be alone with it.
Sounds of screaming, gunfire, and fires will be heard from within the container. This is normal.
SCP-252 is to be contained in a 150 m3 aquarium, reinforced with high tensile steel plating. Guards are to be specially trained in water-borne combat techniques and armed with model-B74H harpoon rifles with high-capacity electrical discharge shafts. The tank is fitted with 15 remotely-activated depth charges, which are to be detonated simultaneously if a containment breach is imminent A breeding pair is maintained under the direction of marine biologist Dr. ███████. Personnel should not approach the containment tank unless they have been previously prepared for the anomalous effects of the animals.
Additional specimens of SCP-252 may exist in the wild. Due to their destructive capabilities, capture is deemed a high priority. Given the difficulties inherent in the size of specimens, termination is authorized if a breach of secrecy is imminent. Current specimens are considered sufficient and further acquisitions are not a priority. Containment of information regarding encounters will consist of Standard Cover Story 53 "Drunken Sailor" and administration of amnestics as necessary.
At this time, SCP-253 poses a substantial threat to humanity. SCP-253 is to be kept under Biosafety Level-4 protocols at all times. All research is to be conducted at a site where incineration and irradiation protocols can be swiftly enacted, that is geographically isolated, and does not possess a diverse biosphere. The sterilization protocols shall be enacted following the occurrence of any event on this list:

Communications blackout lasting longer than forty-eight (48) hours.
Power disruption lasting longer than one (1) minute during any active experiments involving SCP-253.
Abnormal rise in average temperatures beyond a change of 6 degrees Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit) or rise in humidity levels to 90% relative humidity.
Manifestations of unusual electromagnetic phenomena during testing of SCP-253.

At the conclusion of testing, any subjects exposed to SCP-253 are to be disposed of, and their remains are subject to the sterilization protocol.
Any researcher leaving the facility is to undergo two weeks of mandatory chemotherapy, followed by a 15-day quarantine.
SCP-254 is to be kept in a standard storage locker when not in use. When in storage, it must be placed face-down on the floor of the locker and secured with straps to prevent accidental activation. Use of SCP-254 may be requested by any department head, and must be approved by at least two (2) level-3 personnel. SCP-254 may not be used in a capacity that will result in SCP-254-1’s contact with SCPs posing a memetic contagion hazard. Under no circumstances is SCP-254 to be active in a single department or area for longer than twenty-six (26) days. Reuse is permitted only if the area in question has undergone a complete personnel rotation (i.e. no employees remain who have had previous contact with SCP-254).
Tissue samples and specimens related to SCP-255 are contained at Bio Site-16, a purpose-built containment and research facility designed to Priority Beta contagious phenomenon specifications. Bio Site-16 is subject to a remote location personnel rotation waiver in addition to standard contagious phenomenon preventive quarantine periods. Bio Site-16 is located in the Vaitupu Atoll of Tuvalu on an island owned by Ragnarik Ecological Modeling Inc., a Foundation front organization.
Persons and animals determined to be infected with SCP-255 are to be secured and transported to a designated temporary holding facility prior to transfer to Bio Site-16. In cases where capture of an SCP-255 carrier is exceedingly difficult or impossible, lethal force is authorized.
The Office of Celestial Anomalies is to continually track the orbit of 3214 Hybris, maintain a schedule of upcoming near-Earth flybys, and alert the Research Director if any changes in observed orbit occur. The next scheduled flyby of 3214 Hybris is 11 November 2023, when it is predicted to pass within 950,000 km of Earth.
SCP-256 is contained within a cubic chamber 3 m (10 ft) on a side, with 1 m (3 ft) thick walls composed of a mixture of brick and rubberized layers, with two conductive rods sticking out 18 cm (7 in) from the walls to either side of the entrance. Entrance is restricted by a soundproof airlock. Chamber is to be constantly under surveillance by EMR device and video camera. Entry and surveillance are restricted to only authorized personnel who have undergone surgical adaptation to resist the effects of SCP-256. To see a list of authorized personnel, see document SCP-256b. Personnel not on this list may enter if they are security clearance Level 3 or above, but must wear sound-canceling earphones. All personnel must be stripped of all electronics, ferrous metals and conductive material. They are also required to wear a specially designed insulated and redirective bodysuit (HAZMAT-ELEC) which must be tested before wearing, before entrance, and after exit with a significant charge. A taser is supplied and is rated high enough for testing use. The only recording allowed aside from the EMR device is done by hand. SCP standard office paper is suitable, but writing instruments must be nonconductive. Crayons are kept on hand.
Owing to the immobile nature of SCP-257, Site 93 has been erected outside of SCP-257. Access to the interior of SCP-257 is restricted to level two containment and recovery personnel and above. Motion-detecting video cameras have been set up throughout SCP-257's exhibits to monitor any new biological specimens that appear.
All biological specimens extracted from SCP-257 are to be examined, logged, and removed from SCP-257. Biological specimens are to be placed in one of Site 93’s temporary holding pens for study and threat classification. If researchers identify specimens they deem worthy of further research, personnel are to fill out Form 257-12 and follow appropriate research protocols. Specimens are otherwise sent to Bio-Site 29 for storage and long-term care.
SCP-258 is to be kept in a standard storage vault with a keycard lock to be accessed only on approval from the supervisor of Site 15. SCP-258 is to be stored in a 2m x 2m basin, which is to be emptied twice a week by approved D-class personnel. All personnel interacting with SCP-258 are to be rotated no less than twice a month. While using SCP-258 is not directly harmful in any way, all who have utilized it have expressed a desire to do so again, ranging from the wistful to the vehement. All personnel interacting with SCP-258 are to be screened for underlying mental instability.
After Incident 258-1, cleaning personnel are to be issued light hazmat suits while interacting with SCP-258.
A single copy of a computer program capable of producing SCP-259 is to be kept on compact disc in the High Security Containment Vault at Site-25. As discs containing SCP-259 are typically destroyed during experimentation, additional copies may be made for approved experiments.
Mobile Task Force Gamma-10 remains on standby to collect and neutralize any copies of SCP-259 found outside the Foundation. Unauthorized media containing SCP-259 or the means to produce it are to be destroyed immediately.
SCP-260's current location and target are to be tracked by Foundation personnel. The current target is to be relocated between ██████████ and █████'██ (due to the nature of the intervening terrain), whenever SCP-260 approaches its vicinity.
Any access to SCP-261 must be approved by staff with level 2 security clearance or higher. Any and all items dispensed by SCP-261 must be recorded, along with the amount of money entered and the amount of time elapsed between uses. Currently, SCP-261 may be used only ten times in a twenty-four hour period, with no transaction exceeding the equivalent of 500 Japanese yen. Testing approved by Site Command is not under these restrictions.
 should be reviewed by Site Health and Safety officials before consumption. Failure to do so releases the Foundation from any obligation regarding negative effects. Items deemed dangerous or useful to research will be confiscated by site security, with financial compensation provided in proportion to money spent.
Currently, SCP-262 is undergoing review and research to see if it is capable of being used by field agents in the acquisition of other SCPs. Monitored use by commander level authority is preferable. It is inadvisable to allow agents unsupervised usage of SCP-262 at this time. When not in use, SCP-262 is kept in a climate-controlled room at Site ██, guarded by at least two Level-2 Security personnel.
SCP-263 is to be stored in a low value items storage vault at Site-19. It may be removed for testing provided permission from a level 3 researcher and a fire-resistant area to conduct testing in. All testing with SCP-263 is to be recorded. Subjects testing SCP-263 are allowed a mobile telephone, a PDA, or a netbook computer with full, unrestricted access to a complete, synchronized copy of the Foundation's data banks, stored in a dedicated database server to guarantee full retrieval of any records entry in no more than 200 milliseconds if and only if they are terminated immediately after testing has concluded.
All recordings of testing on SCP-263 are to be reviewed by a researcher with level 4 or higher clearance, and censored where necessary to prevent access to restricted material. All researchers observing SCP-263 during testing are to be administered a local amnestic and have their notes confiscated. Research notes from testing require permission from a researcher with level four clearance to access.
SCP-264 is to be contained in a 16 by 16 meter room of standard reinforcement. Two guards are to be stationed outside of this room at all times, circulated every twenty-four hours. The room is to be monitored every day for a minimum of two hours. SCP-264 requires no nourishment of any type. No support is necessary either, as SCP-264 suspends itself through an unknown source of levitation.
Note: As of ██/██/200█, only Agents ████ ███████, ██████ █████ [DECEASED], █████ ██████, and Dr. ██████ ████ are permitted to visit SCP-264. Failure to comply will result in reassignment, pending transgressor's condition [see Addendum 264-01]. SCP-264 has noted previously some attachment to the aforementioned agents, as they were part of the team that originally discovered [DATA EXPUNGED]. In addition, both Agents ████ ███████ and █████ ██████ were on location during [DATA EXPUNGED]. Suggest keeping them on-site until further notice. -Dr. Carnival
Foundation Site-54, -109, and -110 have been provided SCP-265 specific sub-taskforces in order to study SCP-265. Each houses a small fleet of tactical aircraft as well as Agents trained in standard Foundation information-gathering and interrogation techniques. Civilian cover stories and disguises are preferred - see Document 265-B for further protocol.
Local news outlets are to be scanned for signs of SCP-265 and teams are to investigate possible encounters. Specific protocol is to be arranged on an incident by incident basis. Agents are not to instigate violence towards SCP-265 until a better understanding of its nature can be ascertained.
SCP-266 is to be kept in a 10 m x 10 m air-tight containment unit, with the internal temperature maintained at or above 48°C by an independently-powered heating unit. Access to containment requires Level 2 or above clearance, and thermal hazard suits are to be utilized and maintained during all interaction.
SCP-267 is contained in a cave formation within Site-37. Live animals must be supplied to replace any that succumb during the course of feeding. A population of livestock is maintained on site for this purpose. Any personnel interacting with SCP-267 organisms should be furnished with level 4 isolation equipment, and a tranquilizer weapon and stun gun for protection.
Wild occurrences of SCP-267 must be eradicated as soon as they are detected. Recovered human victims cannot be rehabilitated, but are to be removed for use in ongoing observation of possible anti-senescent effects of SCP-267's venomous excretions.
SCP-268 is currently to be maintained within [DATA EXPUNGED], as it has been deemed that the change of use for facilitation of escape by restricted personnel or humanoid SCP is too great. However, the possibility of use by field agents after further testing is under review. See addendum 268-05.
SCP-269 is stored in a standard Safe-class secure locker at Site-19. Experimentation with SCP-269 may only be performed on Class D personnel, and only with prior approval from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
Due to SCP-270’s immovable nature, a structure has been built around it that outwardly appears to be a large farmhouse, henceforth called Outpost Delta. Outpost Delta is to be staffed with a minimum of ███ trained personnel.
Extensive records of SCP-270’s ciphers are kept at Site-11. Extensive records of decoded ciphers are available in █-███, ██████.
If the security of Outpost Delta is compromised, SCP-270 is to be destroyed, along with all on-base records of verified or unverified information accumulated, and manuscripts outlining various encryptions SCP-270 has used.
SCP-271 is to be stored as long as possible in Containment Unit !12 in ███ █ █████ ████████████████████ ██ ████ on a meter-high stone pedestal (SCP-271-01), which will be flooded with water and sealed off in a hollow 5-cm-thick sphere, composed of glass saturated with iron. Permanent neodymium-████████ magnets will be mounted around the (standard-sized) room to suspend the sphere in-air and repel unwanted intruders. The room will be lined with pyrolytic carbon to contain the magnetic field generated by the magnets. The door to the room is to be left unguarded and disguised as an ordinary janitorial closet, and kept locked by an unobtrusive password box mounted in the wall down the hallway and around the corner that appears to be a thermostat. Dr. Vg is to change the password on a monthly basis. All study is to be observation-only until further notice. In case of unauthorized access electromagnets in the room are to be activated by remote to destroy the glass sphere so that recovery may be simplified.
SCP-272 is to be contained in a small wooden box in a vault at Sector-25. Apart from this, no further containment is necessary, as the object is completely inert when not in use. Care is to be taken not to drop the item during transit.
SCP-273 is held in an enclosure 5 m x 10 m in size, half of which is closed off for the subject's privacy. All major structural and facing materials of the cell are of fireproof and non-thermally-conductive materials. A bedroll and other modest furnishings are allowed, provided they remain in the private section, and that all consumption of food be performed in the adjacent area.
All windows from the observation room into the enclosure are composed of heat-treated glass of at least 1 cm total thickness, with an insulated gap in between. Heat and infrared sensors in both enclosure and observation are set to produce an alarm if any temperature exceeds 50 degrees Celsius. Observing staff are required to evacuate the room in such an event.
Food in the form of raw meat must be provided every 12 hours for consumption, at least 2.5 kg per feeding. Other foods may be provided at SCP-273's request, provided good behavior continues. All clothing provided to SCP-273 must be either flame-resistant in nature, or be of inexpensive make and fabrics.
SCP-273 is not to be interacted with in person if it has not consumed a meal of raw meat of at least 2.5 kg mass within the last 12 hours.
In light of Incident 273-02, alcoholic beverages in excess of 50% alcohol by volume must not be provided to SCP-273, nor should any other flame accelerants be provided. All staff interacting with SCP-273 must be armed with non-lethal defense measures. Lethal force should not be used.
Any buildings found to be infected with SCP-274 are to be reported immediately to a superior and the leader of Mobile Task Force Pi-1 (“City Slickers”). MTF Pi-1 is to incinerate cases of SCP-274-1, and secure the infected building(s) by forming a quarantine with a 1 kilometer radius under the guise of the local police and fire department. MTF Pi-1 is to terminate any cases of SCP-274-2 through the use of high-pressure fire hoses. Civilians insisting on entering an instance of SCP-274-1 are to be detained, and have one class B amnestic administered. Any apparatus used to contain or handle SCP-274 should either be incinerated, or entirely composed of metal or glass, and washed thoroughly immediately after use. The cover story for a containment breach of SCP-274 should be gang-related arson.
Subject is to be contained within two 6 m x 6 m (20 ft x 20 ft) subterranean cells, that is only accessible by a freestanding overhead elevator, although she is allowed short term access to the communal facilities contingent on good behavior, and is accompanied by no fewer than two operatives, all armed with gas grenades filled with an incapacitating agent.
Personnel are not to assist SCP-275's self-destructive behavior unless authorized by Level-4 personnel; such behaviors are either potentially harmful to bystanders, or pointless.
Subject has requested:

One prayer rug (Approved)
One Qu'ran (Approved)
Halal food (Approved)
To be allowed to perform a pilgrimage to Mecca (Denied)
Daily portions of chili pepper of a minimum Scoville scale rating of 1,000,000 (Approved, contingent on good behavior)
Regular haircuts (Approved)
Hot coals (Denied)
To be flogged (Denied)
To be stabbed (Denied)
To be beaten (Denied)
To be shot (Denied)
To be electrocuted (Denied)
To be set on fire (Denied)

SCP-276 is to be indefinitely moored at Site-██’s docks, with access given only to personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher. Considering its unique qualities, no objects originating from an earlier (or possibly later) era than our own are to be taken onto SCP-276 due to the potential for loss of valuable materials. Regular maintenance is to be carried out after SCP-276 has been made incapable of operation, due to containment issues.
Due to difficulties inherent in containing SCP-277, it has been placed under a Level-█ lockdown. Activities of the residents of SCP-277 must be monitored by no less than ██ embedded agents, and civilians are not to be aware of Foundation presence or influence. Any attempts to contact civilians within SCP-277 by those outside SCP-277 must be investigated. Personnel must undergo psychological screening before being assigned to SCP-277.
Without any input into its controls, SCP-278 will construct its web in any dimly lit, large open area, preferring high 90 degree tri-corner roosts spanning 300 cubic meters. Those personnel at its controls report that the ease of piloting SCP-278 appears inconsistently simple in comparison to the complexity of the mechanisms involved and the lack of any electronic guidance.
There is no known way of inhibiting SCP-279’s movements. As SCP-279 has not yet been sighted outside of its host town, D███, the city has been placed under a Level-█ lockdown. No media regarding SCP-279 are permitted to leave the town. If at all possible, the civilians are to be kept unaware of the anomalous properties of SCP-279, as well as the fact that their city is being monitored. SCP-279 requires no other containment methods to remain secure. A minimum of 2 agents are to follow SCP-279’s movements as closely as they are able.
SCP-280 is to be contained in a 5 x 5 meter cell, and no equipment of any kind is to be left inside when staff are not present. Containment area is to be kept in total darkness at all times. Any items taken into the containment cell must be removed by staff at the end of testing, and any staff entering into containment must wear infrared goggles and be equipped with an infrared ID strobe and a strong flashlight.
In the event of an SCP-280 attack, all staff are to power on their flashlights and illuminate the subject under attack. No aggressive action is to be taken against SCP-280, and staff are to keep one meter from SCP-280 at all times. Staff should continue to illuminate SCP-280 until it retreats to a sufficient distance to allow the recovery and extraction of the subject of the attack.
SCP-281 is currently contained within maximum security storage locker 18-E on level 7 of Research, Reliquary, and Containment Site-76. SCP-281's lithium-ion battery pack is to remain plugged into the site's main power grid unless used in testing. Necessary cables have been supplied and are stored with the object.
Because of the nature of the object's anomalous properties, testing on SCP-281 is to be authorized by the Level 4 senior member of research staff currently assigned to this project. D-Class personnel used in testing are not to be informed on the nature of SCP-281.
SCP-282 should be kept in a containment locker outfitted with a standard array of explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic high-level defenses. Personnel entering SCP-282's containment must be verified with a retinal scanner, and no experimentation sessions lasting longer than 3 hours are permitted.
Due to the strange but harmless nature of SCP-283, it is to be kept in a secure box against the east wall of room E-107 at Site-137. Aside from that, SCP-283 can be handled by any personnel as long as they are observed by at least a level 3 member of staff, who is to keep watch over SCP-283 to prevent petty theft.
SCP-284-1 and SCP-284-2 are to be kept under minimal security protocols, with occasional off-site trips when approved by a Level 4 or higher personnel. During these trips they are to be accompanied by a minimum of one Level 1 researcher and one Level 1 field agent. Their quarters are a standard humanoid containment room with two beds. When offered separate containment quarters, they replied that privacy is moot.
SCP-285 is to be kept in a Level-III humanoid containment chamber on Site-43's B-Wing. SCP-285 is to be given basic amenities. Following SCP-285's recent cooperation with the Foundation, it is allowed exactly two hours of free roaming Site-43's botanical gardens with supervision by at least one guard if it so chooses.
Personnel are not to discuss SCP-285's past with PoI-6938 without approval of Site-43's Director. If this occurs, authorized technical staff are to manually remove the information from SCP-285-B via use of SCP-285-A.
SCP-285-B instances are not to be edited without the permission of the Administrator of Site-43's Technical staff. SCP-285 is to never be given its full abilities back under any circumstances.
SCP-286 is to be kept in a secure containment cell at Site-19 that allows an open, secure perimeter of at least 50m radius around SCP-286. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to have direct physical contact with SCP-286, and only as part of an approved experiment.

Update 07/19/20██: Experiments with SCP-286 are hereby suspended until further notice. (see: Technical Note TN-286-55) —O5-██

Surveillance cameras are to be positioned to allow 360 degree monitoring of SCP-286 during experimentation. Recordings shall be maintained and cataloged of all Sigma states exhibited by SCP-286. The archive of these States is to be made available to any researchers with Level 2 clearance or higher.

Update 03/11/20██: As of Incident I-286-5, surveillance of SCP-286 is to be continuous, and any initiation of a Sigma state is to immediately reported to Overwatch Command. Outside the immediate project directorate, the SCP-286 Sigma state archives and associated material are to be restricted to level 4 access. Under no circumstances are identified instances of SCP-286-1 or SCP-286-2 to be prevented from having contact with SCP-286. —O5-██



SCP-286


SCP-287 is stored in a climate controlled secure locker in Site-22 in order to prevent additional deterioration. At this time, no additional testing is required, but may be approved by Dr. Sigurd Ólafsson. Sources of electricity are to be kept away from SCP-287's locker at all times.
If testing with SCP-287 is required, insulated gloves are to be worn to prevent accidental discharge in to the hilt.
SCP-287-1's remains are to be kept in storage until further notice. Research requests for SCP-287-1 can be routed to Dr. Zartion and are restricted to Level 4 Personnel, or Level 2 Personnel from the exobiology department.
SCP-288 is to be kept in a locker, with only security personnel of level 2 clearance or higher given the combination. They are currently contained in the small, velvet-lined black box they were retrieved in.
Personnel who have worn the rings during testing are to undergo full psychological exams afterward, and their experiences recorded.
Currently located at Site-17 under the supervision of Dr. ███ ███████, SCP-289 is to be suspended on a 10 cm x 10 cm platform in the exact center of a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m concrete room. It is to be monitored at all times by no fewer than two mounted cameras whose video feeds will be recorded and archived if deemed necessary upon review. Every thirty (30) days, SCP-289 is to be moved to an identical housing facility on the other side of Site-17 to avoid unnecessary inertial buildup. No personnel are allowed to approach closer than a 1.6 m radius of SCP-289 unless they have prior authorization from two Level 3 supervisors attached to this project. Additionally, any personnel interacting with SCP-289 are to have read all authorized documents relating to SCP-289 and to have a thorough understanding of its capabilities and the time limits involved.
SCP-290 is to be held in a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m cell at Site-19. Personnel are forbidden from interacting with SCP-290 except during an approved testing procedure, and any personnel who attempt to do so must be terminated with any force necessary. During any interaction with SCP-290, three guards with full knowledge of the object must flank the object's aperture; anyone (other than Class-D personnel) attempting to enter must be removed from the object's cell. Subjects who undergo reconfiguration are terminated at the conclusion of experimentation.
SCP-291 must remain disconnected from any power source when not in use for testing. A team of two personnel should remain on guard outside SCP-291's containment room, and will be swapped out weekly. While disconnected from a power supply, SCP-291 may be considered safe. SCP-291's main entryway closes and locks upon disconnection from a power supply, but the door may be opened manually from the interior in the event of any personnel being trapped.
All blocks of disassembled organism are to be kept stored in a designated storage locker within the containment room, and are to be properly labeled with a sharpie marker. Personnel responsible for lost or damaged blocks will be moved to other projects.
SCP-292 is to be kept at Site-72, in a guarded room in a locked, padded container set up to avoid movement of or damage to SCP-292. Access to SCP-292 is prohibited without Level-3 authorization. Site personnel must report all incidents of déjà vu or related symptoms to Site Administration.
Any items affected by SCP-293 are to be contained in an opaque container, and kept sealed when not undergoing testing. Any items found to be affecting staff or subjects not undergoing testing are to be immediately destroyed. Any anomalous activity by SCP-293 affected items is to be reported to Site Command as soon as possible.
Anyone interacting with items affected by SCP-293 must do so only in 30 minute shifts, with one week of time separating each interaction. This includes physical handling, observation (both physical and via camera or other recording device), testing, and any other activities that bring an SCP-293 affected item into contact with human beings.
All staff working with SCP-293 affected items must submit to a psychological evaluation three times per week, to begin two weeks before interaction, and extending for three weeks after the end of interaction. Staff must also submit to any additional test as ordered by Site Command. Anyone found to be affected by SCP-293 will be placed in quarantine, and the item causing the effect is to be immediately destroyed.
Any items used to interact with SCP-293 affected items are to be disposed of after one week.
There are no standard special containment procedures on file for  at all times.
SCP-295 is to be contained within a 50 m x 50 m concrete room, with all surfaces coated with flame retardant material. All personnel entering and exiting containment must comply with level 3 contamination screening. Three (3) flame retardant exposure suits are to be maintained on the premises and are required for any and all testing involving SCP-295. Feeding will occur once per week, and consists of a meal of 20 kg of naturally grown pinewood, harvested near the Site-19 facility.
Armed Containment Site-03 has been in the process of reconstruction since the discovery of SCP-296 in the geometric center of the destruction caused by enactment of Emergency Protocol XT-████ (refer to Document #1E-027, Addendum 1, viewable in ████████████). Re-installation of tactical thermonuclear devices in a primary perimeter between the established 100km quarantine perimeter and the exposed region of SCP-296 has also been initiated. As SCP-296 has already exhibited resilience in the face of annihilation-grade weaponry, it is suggested that the TTN devices be calibrated to deliver a high-yield, low-radius explosion so as to minimize damage to ACS-03's existing structures.
All personnel, agents and researchers assigned to SCP-296 must have no criminal background, prior to and during SCP service. Any incidents approximating criminal behavior, as well as suspicions of possible criminal behavior, are to be considered disqualification for assignment to duties directly relating to SCP-296.
SCP-297 is to be kept in a standard lockbox at Site 19's High Value  and submit it to the head of Research and Containment.
SCP-298 is to remain disassembled at all times when experimentation is not being performed. As per standard protocol, each piece of SCP-298 has been stamped with an individualized serial number and radio transmitter. Due to SCP-298's effect on replacement parts, requests to replace original components of SCP-298 must receive special approval.
A 200-metre-wide forest of SCP-299 is to be contained in an underground biodome (Area-299) in the [REDACTED] desert. All other specimens encountered are to be incinerated. No plant life is to come into contact with SCP-299 outside of controlled testing. Areas infested by SCP-299 should be considered class-8 hazard zones, firebombed immediately, and monitored for four (4) weeks. Any further infestation is to be incinerated, as well as all wildlife present on the site.
SCP-300 is stored in a locked and climate-controlled container at Site ██. Experimentation on SCP-300 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and any observations made must be recorded for later analysis.
SCP-301 is to be kept in a secure, electromagnetically sealed bunker buried under at least ten meters of earth to conceal its location. The bunker is to be staffed by no fewer than four level three security personnel at all times in order to secure the site and to maintain automated security measures. The perimeter of the bunker is to be lined with a chain-link fence with official warnings to deter intruders. Due to the remote location of SCP-301, additional security is not required.
During experimentation, all research staff and equipment must maintain a minimum distance of at least three meters from the projected edge of SCP-301.
In the event of a containment breach, on-site personnel with the proper security clearance are authorized to implement emergency protocol C-301. All possible entrances to the bunker will automatically seal themselves and remain sealed indefinitely. Emergency protocol C-301 can only be countermanded by an O5 level command.
SCP-302 is to be kept in Site-[REDACTED], under Safe-3 Protocols. Artifact should be handled with gloves at all times, and utmost precautions should be taken to ensure that the artifact does not make skin contact with unauthorized personnel. Any personnel not scheduled for testing that begin showing signs of SCP-302's effects may apply for termination. All subjects suffering from SCP-302's affliction should be terminated after no longer than eight (8) days due to [DATA EXPUNGED].
As SCP-303 has not yet been known to travel beyond the boundaries of Site ██, the entire area of Site ██ is currently considered SCP-303's containment area. All rooms in Site ██ are to be altered where possible so as to have two entrances separated by a distance of 10m or line of sight. Personnel are to be distributed evenly throughout the facility, with available radio or intercom contact, so that encounters may be resolved quickly. Personnel who witness SCP-303 are to be submitted for immediate psychiatric evaluation.
All SCP objects housed at Site ██ since before 6/4/10 are to be transferred to Site ██-B one at a time. Each SCP object will be transferred again to Site ██-A once it can be verified that SCP-303 has not migrated from Site ██ with it. Once SCP-303 either migrates to Site ██-B, or remains present at Site ██ once all SCPs in question have been transferred to Site ██-A, containment procedures will be updated as appropriate.
The existence of SCP-304 is currently being masked by the constant transmissions of the ███████ space probe. This masking transmission is coded so as to prevent the deciphering of SCP-304 by any non-Foundation personnel. This transmission is in addition to the probe's publicly known communication with Earth and its conventional scientific operations conducted by NASA. The ███████ and its currently inactive replacement are on a course that will permanently keep them between the Earth and the estimated source of SCP-304. Should the original probe fail, its replacement(s) will immediately begin transmitting at the same frequency and assume all public communications as though it were the original probe.
SCP-305 is presently immobile. Site-305 has been constructed around its present location, a wooded canyon near [REDACTED], and is staffed by at least seven (7) personnel who have prior experience with SCP-305 and proved resistant to its effects. The remainder of the station crew should be rotated on a weekly basis. SCP-305’s effect grows weaker if human subjects are exposed to it for extended periods of time; therefore, a resistant subject should be exposed to it for at least three (3) hours daily.
SCP-305’s effects are greatly magnified in individuals with feelings of guilt (particularly over crimes) or mental instability. Therefore, Site-305 is staffed exclusively by non-D-class researchers and agents who are screened for criminal records and mental instability. Any personnel who begin to hear whispered compliments must be transferred out immediately. If symptoms persist after removal, frontal lobotomy [DATA EXPUNGED]
The actual containment chamber of SCP-305 is constructed of standard materials and offset from the rest of the station by a five (5) meter “buffer zone” to protect normal staff from the worst of SCP-305’s effects.
Site-305 broadcasts a constant “status normal” signal to Site-19. If Site-305 becomes compromised during a containment breach, this signal will cease and a heavily armed containment team will immediately be dispatched to the location.
Instances of SCP-305-1 are extremely dangerous and should be terminated on sight without attempting containment.
As of ██/██/200█, all attempts to extract samples from SCP-305 for study are forbidden. (See Addendum 305-1)
Frozen samples of SCP-306 are stored at Bio-Research Site-101. Research on SCP-306 is to be carried out under Biosafety Level 4 protocols.
Subjects infected with SCP-306 are to be immediately placed under quarantine. Any items making physical contact with infected subjects or SCP-306 residue are to be incinerated. Personnel interacting with infected subjects are to remain in full hazmat containment suits. Personnel interacting with infected subjects or SCP-306 residue are to remain under mandatory quarantine and submit to twice-daily examination for a period of two (2) weeks after interaction.
Containment breaches within controlled environments will result in lockdown of affected area. Personnel within the affected area are to remain in place until cleared for release. Hazmat teams are to remove and examine personnel for signs of infection. Infected personnel are to be quarantined. Affected area is to then be sterilized.
A 1km radius around any areas experiencing an outbreak of SCP-306 is to be quarantined. Areas are to have all water and sewer systems sealed. Hazmat teams are to be deployed in the area, and all persons in the quarantine zone are to be evacuated and screened for infection. Uninfected persons are to be released, with non-Foundation employees administered Class B amnestics. Infected persons are to be terminated. Following completed evacuation, enclosed areas are to be sterilized with ethylene oxide. In unenclosed areas, controlled burning, followed by a ground sweep, are to be enacted. Wetlands harboring SCP-306 are to be impounded, filled, and sealed with concrete. Preventing SCP-306 from infecting any large body of water is an Alpha-class priority.
SCP-307 is to be kept within a 0.5-meter square stainless steel planter, within a hydroponic growth chamber equipped with remotely operated light and sprinkler. The sides of the planter are to be equipped with retractable circular blades, the controls to which must be located outside the containment cell and manned at all times. The hydroponic chamber is to be kept within a 5 m x 5 m x 3 m room with stainless steel walls, floor, and ceiling. There are to be no windows in the room - all light will come from the hydroponic grow light, and any observation of SCP-307 is to be done over a security camera. The temperature of the room is to be kept at 15°C to discourage seed production.
If entry to SCP-307's room is necessary, it is to be done by remotely operated robots. Absolutely no living humans are to enter SCP-307's containment cell, following Incident 307 (see Addendum 2).
If any specimens of SCP-307 are discovered outside the containment cell, they are to be burned immediately until only ashes remain. Any personnel who touches SCP-307 must also be burned.
SCP-308 is stored in a sterile containment room under armed guard. Personnel entering the room must be decontaminated and fitted with Level A encapsulation suits, and remotely observed for the duration of their visit. No organic material may be placed in SCP-308 without Level 4 authorization. SCP-308 will remain open unless being studied.
SCP-309 is currently stored in a secure glove box in the level 2 research lab at Site-██. Routine physical examinations of SCP-309 as well as experiments involving small animals may only be conducted using the glove box. Removal of SCP-309 from the glove box for testing on larger animals or humans requires the approval of Dr. ██████ or equivalent level 4 command personnel. Human testing is restricted to D-class personnel.
When not used in experimentation, SCP-310 is to be kept in a 0.3 m x 0.3 m x 0.3 m sealed vacuum case composed of flame retardant material. The research chamber surrounding the vacuum case shall be similarly flame retardant and be kept saturated with carbon dioxide, nitrogen, or other fire extinguishing agent when testing is not taking place. Standard Foundation protocols to prevent unauthorized access should be kept in place.
No flammable or semi-flammable substances are permitted within the research chamber, except small quantities for research purposes. Authorization is required for testing on live or otherwise self-propelling test subjects. Chamber is to be kept sealed during testing and emergency vacuum system is to remain active. All personnel are forbidden to wear loose clothing when in chamber. Long hair must be kept tied up. Flame retardant suits are recommended.
Memo #310-AA: For the last time, loose clothing includes ties! Regardless of the normal dress code encouraged on site we want to avoid any more cases like Dr. F██████. No item should be worn that might allow accidental contact with SCP-310. — Dr. Jon Drake
Any object which contacts SCP-310 is to remain in the chamber until fully consumed. Any item or clothing contacting SCP-310 is to be removed as expeditiously as possible while preventing further contact. Any limb or extremity contacting SCP-310 is to be removed immediately. Surgical tools including bone saws are to be kept on hand for this eventuality as well as bolt cutters and power saws in case time factors prevent a more controlled amputation from being performed. Any Class D personnel contacting SCP-310 are to be immediately terminated. If exposure of SCP-310 to Class D personnel is part of test procedure, it is recommended that the test subject is restrained prior to exposure to prevent further accidental contact.
The research chamber is to remain sealed until all objects exposed to SCP-310 are fully consumed. Therefore it is recommended to limit size of test subjects to prevent lengthy lockdowns of research chamber.
Contained in High Security  comprehensive review.
SCP-312 is kept in a large life-form containment chamber at Site-19. As it does not require feeding, only researchers are permitted access to the chamber. All personnel entering the chamber are provided with wide-brimmed hats and advised not to look directly upward.
SCP-313 is to be kept unmounted and disconnected when not being tested. Access is strictly prohibited except with special permission from a level 4 official. Under no circumstances are personnel to press the button, save for officially sanctioned testing under rigidly controlled conditions. Please see Addendum 313-a.
SCP-314 is contained at the location of its original discovery at Site 47 which has been built around the anomaly. Local personnel publicly operate under the guise of the US Forest Service.
Although SCP-314 is highly mobile, it has never moved beyond a 50 (fifty)-meter radius of its origin point; the area delineated by this radius is known as the 'red zone'. SCP-314 has created an equally large depression in the earth below its origin point. All attempts to remove or restrain the object have thus far failed, but containment has been achieved by the construction of Site 47 itself, which is also used for various physics experiments regarding anomalous objects.
Any experiments involving SCP-314 must be cleared by Dr. Williams; see form HM-120.
With the exception of approved experimentation, all personnel are to keep clear of the red zone. SCP-314 is highly reactive to all motion within approximately 50 52 meters of its origin point.
Addendum: After incident 314-oe, researchers are reminded that the object's "kill radius" is approximately 50 meters from point of origin, and for purposes of safety should be assumed to actually be 51 meters. Although safe interaction is possible at the outer edge of the red zone, and the object may even exhibit what the late Dr. Stratham described as "playful behavior" at that range, all action within the kill radius has always been met with violent reaction.
Object does not require any special storage arrangements. However, it is currently kept in an opaque cardboard box, away from strong light or heat sources, under the assumption that this will slow the natural decay of any stored data on the object.
SCP-316 needs no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Those opeposure. Personnel privy to sensitive information should be kept out of visual range of SCP-316, due to its ability to induce a suggestive state.
SCP-317-1 is to be preserved in a vat of liquid nitrogen. Requests for tissue samples from SCP-317-1 must be made in writing; all research into tissue samples from SCP-317-1 must be in compliance with class-5 biohazard protocols.
Examination of SCP-317-2 must be done in class-3 cleanroom facilities. Requests for examination of 317-2 must be made in writing.
SCP-317-3 has been disassembled; the parts are stored in ██ separate locations. Requests for examination of 317-3 must be made in writing to two separate O5-level personnel. No two components of SCP-317-3 may be brought within 100 km of each other.
SCP-318 is to be kept in the center of a chamber at least 5 m by 8 m by 5 m, resting on a hydraulic lift to allow examination of the underside of the device. The door to this chamber is to be kept locked at all times, with access codes available to any Level 3 or higher staff, with access by personnel of Level 2 clearance or below requiring approval from at least one Level 4 staff member.
Instances of SCP-318-1 are to be kept completely wound, except during testing, and stored in Secure  are to be subjected to regular psychiatric evaluations until at least one month after the most recent interaction.
SCP-319 is to be contained in place at Site-319 inside a hermetically sealed vacuum chamber 20 meters in diameter. The chamber housing SCP-319 must be insulated and the surface temperature controlled to present an absolutely uniform thermal gradient. SCP-319 is to rest on a platform with an active mass damping system, and the relative position of the housing for each instance of SCP-319-1, and the diameter and position of SCP-319-2 shall be continually monitored by high precision laser rangefinders. Any deviations in the position of any instance of SCP-319-1 by greater than 0.01% on any axis, or any change in size or position of SCP-319-2 by greater than 0.001%, is deemed a potential Götterdämmerung Scenario, and a risk of a ZK-0 Event. Foundation-wide initiation of protocol Omega-319 is mandated in response to such an event until such time as the positions of SCP-319-1 are returned to optimal and SCP-319-2 has ceased growth and movement.
Any and all scientific investigation of SCP-319, SCP-319-1, and SCP-319-2 is authorized only with explicit O5 approval.
When not being researched, SCP-320 is to be carefully slowly lowered into its 6m3 solid foam transport tray, which is in turn slowly lowered into a 37 metric ton stabilized vault. These precautions are designed to provide a buffer of lightweight, safe material should SCP-320 be accelerated beyond control and to keep SCP-320 as motionless as possible during containment.
SCP-321 is to be kept in a regulation containment chamber. SCP-321 has been outfitted with extensive braces, to make up for weaknesses in bone structure and muscle mass. Its artificial heart is to be examined once a month for any damage. SCP-321 is to be fed three times daily. Solid foods are excluded from its prescribed diet. Three staff members are on temporary SCP-321 assignment at this time. SCP-321 is to be given three hours a day of exercise and physical therapy, with the rest of its time not involved in experiments to be confined to its cell. While SCP-321 is incapable of asking for anything, it has been allowed several stuffed toys.
SCP-322 is to be contained in a secure locker in Storage Unit-3. SCP-322 can be utilized for certain missions or for research, but a full length proposal must be submitted and accepted.
SCP-323 is to be kept in a 17m x 17m x 17m concrete containment cell in Site-91. The object is to be restrained in the center of the cell within a 1m3 container of 8.8cm thick transparent armor lined with one-way laminate, which is to be fit with one (1) electronically locked access port. This container is to be internally lit, with the surrounding cell kept dimmer to facilitate the one-way laminate. The cell is to be surveyed remotely at all times, and any signs of activity are to be reported.
No personnel are to enter SCP-323's containment cell except to examine the integrity of SCP-323's restraint measures. The restraint measures are to be examined bi-weekly, and any signs of damage are to be repaired immediately. All personnel who enter SCP-323's containment cell are to be accompanied by an armed guard. Personnel are not to be within SCP-323's containment cell for longer than forty-five (45) minutes, and any communication around SCP-323 is to be written or spoken in a language other than English or French.
In the event that SCP-323 breaches containment and an instance of SCP-323-1 is formed, personnel are to evacuate Site-91 and the site is to be locked down. Remote units are to be deployed to destroy the body of SCP-323-1; following this, armed personnel may be sent in to re-establish the containment of SCP-323.
While SCP-324 does not require efforts beyond basic botanical maintenance to thrive, access to its products are to be strictly controlled to prevent theft and possible uncontrolled cultivation. SCP-324 is to be contained within a secure solarium or equivalent agricultural facility in a minimum of five (5) cubic meters of soil. Soil should be maintained at a consistent pH of between 4 and 4.5, with a minimum 12% humus (or similar organic compound) component to topsoil. A misting system or other remote means of watering should be implemented to minimize the number of staff with access to SCP-324.
SCP-324 is currently held at Site-23, solarium 16, bay 194 under these conditions. As on-site research staff already has access to specialized botanical testing equipment and methodologies via the containment of SCP-038, transfer of SCP-324 to another facility is subject to Level 4 approval. Products of SCP-324 (designated SCP-324-1) may be transferred between research staff as necessary with Level 3 approval. To maintain SCP-324 as the only mature specimen during initial research, attempts to cultivate further specimens from SCP-324-1 off-site are currently suspended.
SCP-325 is to be held in a standard 30 cm x 10 cm x 10 cm steel box. This box should be waterproofed and lined with hydrophobic rubber, and stored away from any washing facilities. If SCP-325 breaches containment, standard Foundation issue NBC protection suits are to be used to spread desiccant on the affected area. All used desiccant should be incinerated according to standard incineration procedure. SCP-325 can be safely stored at any Site, and with any SCP.
Any personnel showing a greatly increased adherence to cleaning and hygiene than required are to be detained and given new Foundation issue overalls to be worn for the next 24 hours. After this suspected personnel are to undergo a psychiatric evaluation.
SCP-326 is contained at Armed Bio-Containment Area 14. Due to SCP-326's severe iatrophobia, personnel who will interact with be seen by SCP-326 are not to wear lab coats. Due to SCP-326's post-traumatic stress disorder, her tendency to undergo panic attacks, and the increased danger she poses to personnel during these episodes, SCP-326 is never to be beyond sight of a 'panic room' into which she can flee; the path between SCP-326 and the closest panic room is to remain unobstructed.
Tranquilizers are to be added to SCP-326's food on a daily basis to mediate her stress; in the event that SCP-326 needs to be transported off-site, she is to be sedated until such time as she can be provided with a new panic room.
SCP-326 is deaf, and communicates via written Chinese; translators are to be available at all times. All communications with SCP-326 are to be archived.
SCP-327 is to be contained within a 40m x 40m x 10m salt water tank within Site-██. The tank is to be cleaned on a weekly basis, or immediately after an algal bloom event. The walls of the tank are to be soundproofed. All staff interacting with SCP-327 or entering the containment are to wear sound-cancelling headphones when not in direct conversation with SCP-327. Any staff who report suffering the effects of SCP-327’s properties are to be removed from active duty until cleared by a staff therapist.
SCP-327 is to be fed 15kg of lettuce and assorted leafy vegetables each day, accompanied by appropriate nutritional supplements.
English language instruction for SCP-327 has been approved, to be carried out by Drs. Amberly and Watson. Two hours per day have been allotted for this purpose.
SCP-328 is to be kept in a secure locker in storage area 328-A. Access for research requires Level 3 authorisation and will be permitted in most instances. Due to its unclear nature, SCP-328 is not to be allowed into contact with any data-reading device with a connection to the internet or the Foundation intranet. Electronic devices which have been used to study SCP-328 should be clearly labeled "SCP-328 Use Only" and stored in storage area 328-A for common use in case of unidentified viral properties. A small isolated lab adjunct to storage area 328-A (designated 328-B) has been established to this end.
The building in which SCP-329 is located has been purchased by a Foundation front company and designated Site ██. Access to the site is restricted to Level 3 personnel. Facility personnel to undergo full-body scans at least every 48 hours.
Since it is unknown how many adherents the "Church of the Gardener" possessed, Site ██ should be considered at risk of recapture and appropriate measures taken.
Considering recent incidents, SCP-330 is to be kept in secure storage until further notice. Level 2 Clearance is required for access to SCP-330 or its contents. All direct experimentation of SCP-330 is to be conducted using Class D personnel with no genetic history of diabetes. No more than two (2) samples are to be removed from SCP-330 at any time, except during exposure testing.
When not being used, SCP-331 is to be kept within a typical electronic 7-digit metal safe in Dr. ███████’s office. The code is to be changed on a monthly basis by Dr. ███████. Personnel who wish to examine SCP-331 must ask Dr. ███████ for authorization beforehand.
As of ██/██/██ SCP-331 is worn by SCP-331-1.
Observation Station 55-b has been constructed to monitor and study SCP-332. Fences designed to contain SCP-332's stationary effect have been demolished, and replaced by a research station dedicated to observing SCP-332 in its dormant state.
When SCP-332 enters its active state, all site personnel are to monitor the length and intensity of the sound produced by SCP-332 from soundproofed observation areas until the active state ceases. Any affected civilians are to be detained indefinitely under the cover of an infectious disease outbreak.
SCP-1833 has been placed under constant observation in case of any alterations.
SCP-333-A 1-1618 are to be stored in a standard Secure Containment Locker within Site-██, accessible only by personnel possessing Level 3 Clearance or greater with authorization of at least two (2) Clearance Level 4 personnel. As testing with SCP-333-B and SCP-333-C has concluded, any performance of SCP-333-A is strictly prohibited.
SCP-334 is to be kept in a standard heat-treated containment cell, surrounded by magnetic field generators positioned so that all six sides have an overlapping field projecting at least fifteen (15) centimeters from the inner cell walls. Each generator is to have multiple redundant backups and power sources, including emergency batteries capable of maintaining full magnetic field output for no less than thirty (30) minutes. Maintenance of the anti-heat coating is to be carried on a weekly schedule, with subject to be transferred to a secondary cell to allow for more extensive repairs, if needed. Three (3) live mice are to be introduced to its cell at a random time every day to reduce chances of subject learning the pattern and attempting escape. Due to SCP-334's hunting and burrowing instincts, the floor of containment is to be reinforced with an anti-heat coating, or made of a substance with a melting point greater than ████ degrees Celsius, with the magnetic containment field underneath reinforced to approximately 1.5 times that of the other surfaces. Subject hunts in a fashion typical of foxes, with a strong downward pounce, which has proven capable of penetrating a small distance into the containment fields, and has been the cause of █ containment breaches to date.
SCP-335 is to be kept in a secure location to prevent tampering.
SCP-336 is to be provided living quarters 6m x 6m in size, maintained regularly. This maintenance, as well as all other tasks requiring direct contact with SCP-336, are to be carried out exclusively by female personnel. SCP-336 may make requests for furnishings or items; however, approval of these requests is contingent on SCP-336's cooperation with personnel and subject to the project's head researcher's approval. Requests for access to anomalous or dangerous items are to be denied.
A voice modulator device, fitted over SCP-336’s mouth, is to be checked and maintained by Level 0 personnel weekly. The modulator may be unlocked with a six-digit combination provided to personnel level 2 and higher for the purpose of testing SCP-336. In the event of the device’s failure or unintended deactivation, local lockdown procedures are to be respected until SCP-336 has been isolated.
SCP-337 is to be kept within a steel-reinforced 0.5 m thick polished cement containment chamber at all times. Chamber walls must be inspected weekly for cracks and re-sealed as needed. Access will only be available via two-stage vaulted steel door system with a seal tolerance not to exceed 100 µm. Antechamber between the doors is to be fitted with multiple remote-operated liquid propellant flamethrowers. Both chambers are to be externally monitored with wireless security cameras. Damage or repositioning of cameras should be reported immediately. A self-contained, water-recycling shower system will be positioned at the far end of the internal chamber. The system’s water supply and filters are to be changed on a monthly basis.
Personnel assigned to SCP-337 must maintain all head and body hair at no longer than 4 cm, and will submit to regular full-body inspection to ensure compliance. Any personnel entering the chamber must be escorted by two guards armed with portable flamethrowers. Following Incident 337-A, Class D personnel involved in testing must be strapped into a restraining gurney and sedated prior to entry.
Once per week, one Class D personnel will be stripped of hair measuring longer than 5 cm using the Solomon technique. An attendant must immediately deliver the hair into the chamber and permit the object to "feed". During this time, the attendant will sweep the floor clean of shedding using a standard broom and dustpan; following Incident 337-C, vacuum cleaners are not permitted for use within 15 m of SCP-337 containment unless specifically authorized.
SCP-338 is to be activated and constantly monitored at all times, with its broadcasts recorded for later analysis. Every 10 minutes, the channel is to be changed, alternating between the broadcasts at 89.1 MHz, 100.2 MHz, 104.9 MHz and 107.9 MHz. If at any time SCP-338 does not receive a broadcast on one of these frequencies, Dr. ███████ is to be immediately notified and the entire frequency band is to be scanned to determine the status of the remaining broadcasts. Only personnel with Level 3 clearance or greater are allowed to listen to, interpret, or analyze data resulting from recordings of SCP-338.
No personnel are allowed to spend more than 100 cumulative hours interpreting the broadcast at frequency 107.9 MHz. Any personnel that has reached the maximum number of hours of exposure is to be administered a class C amnestic and returned to the regular workforce as appropriate. All personnel working on data from the broadcast at 107.9 MHz are to be searched before leaving the data analysis center. Any and all data storage devices are to be confiscated and the personnel involved terminated, in order to prevent the possibility of [REDACTED] occurring in this reality.
SCP-339 is contained at Site-49. The room containing SCP-339 is 5 m X 5 m X 5 m and sound-proofed. SCP-339 is sealed in a sound-proofed container on a 1.5 m pedestal in the center of the room. The room is only accessible through an outer sound-proofed airlock.
All personnel entering SCP-339’s holding room for maintenance must maintain absolute silence and wear noise-reducing foam-lined boots, available in the airlock. Regular maintenance of SCP-339 is to occur on the 15th of every month, and consists of replacing the degraded sound-proofed container with a new one.
No one is to enter SCP-339’s holding room for any reason other than maintenance.
SCP-340-1, -3, -4, and -5 are to be communally housed in a 10 m x 10 m x 2.5 m tank, with the water temperature maintained between 25°C and 30°C. Anti-depressants and broad-spectrum antibiotics are to be administered intravenously every twelve hours. Medicinal compounds may not be added to the standard nutritive paste without approval. All waste products must be properly sterilised. Any personnel who aspirate water from the containment tank must report to medical staff immediately.
The exhibition hall of Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76 has SCP-341 on display for all Research and Command personnel to view.
SCP-342 can be safely stored in its case file folder, in an envelope stapled to the inside cover, as it poses no danger so long as it is not actively used. Said case file folder should be kept in a secure file cabinet in High Value Items Storage, and protected by a standard array of biological, chemical, memetic, and physical positive action defenses.
SCP-343 resides in a 6.1 m by 6.1 m (20 ft by 20 ft) room at Minimal Security Site 17. It should be brought any items it requests and visited by at least one staff member each day. Attempts to add further safety precautions or required clearances are unnecessary/impossible due to the nature of SCP-343 (see description).
SCP-344 is to be stored in Site-██, in a high-security storage locker, combination changed weekly. Personnel wishing to use SCP-344 for research purposes should contact Dr. ██████. Due to the hazards presented when a can is opened, it is recommended that a remote-control device be used to manipulate the object.
SCP-345 is to be kept inside a secure vault at Site-██. Seeing as the object is inert by itself, no further containment is necessary. Personnel seeking to solve SCP-345 need the permission of one level 2 personnel. SCP-345-1 is to be kept inside a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m sealed room on Site-██.
Following Incident 345-1, personnel are only allowed to solve one of the six faces of SCP-345; trying to solve all faces will result in reassignment to MTF Epsilon-8 ("The Midwives").
SCP-346 is to be kept in a store-bought birdcage at least 1m in height, and 1.5m in width either way. No locks or additional security measures are required, as SCP-346 is no stronger nor smarter than the average parakeet. SCP-346's cage is to contain at least two water dishes with standing perches, to be refilled daily, and fed a diet of five to six medium-sized live crickets daily. SCP-346's cage also contains one tree branch for perching, scratching, and climbing, one open-top nest (purchased at a commercial pet store) lined with moss, and a string with bright-colored bells on it for entertainment.
The bottom of SCP-346's cage is covered with corncob-based, biodegradable bedding and is to be cleaned out and replaced every other week. During cleaning, SCP-346 may be either held by hand, allowed to fly around a room with a closed door, or placed in a paper bag with a book over the end to be held out of the way.
SCP-346's cage is held in Dr. Rights' office, and may not be moved without her permission. Despite SCP-346's habit of nibbling fingertips and pulling strands of hair, SCP-346 poses no danger upon escape and may be recaptured, gently, with either a net or by hand.
SCP-347 is currently kept at Site 17 in a 5m x 5m room monitored by infrared camera, with attached bathroom complete with shower and bathtub, furnished as per request, containing a queen sized bed, several SUMO brand furniture items, two armchairs, a desk and swivel chair, several bookcases and a TV with a DVD player. The bookcases are filled with various books, primarily adventure novels, harlequin romances, and art books. She is allowed DVDs of various movies and TV shows predating her arrival at the SCP facility, and may request new material to be reviewed every so often. Although SCP-347 does not wear clothing much of the time, she is to be allowed a wardrobe of whatever clothes she requests, as well as makeup and wigs for her own amusement.
SCP-347's room must remain locked while she is within, and at least two staff members must check her door for any sign of tampering every hour. The door may primarily be unlocked to allow staff to and from her room. SCP-347 enjoys company and casually chats and flirts with staff who bring meals and other items, although staff are cautioned from developing too much of an attachment or attraction.
SCP-347 is allowed to leave the room provided that she is accompanied by at least one staff member of at least Level-2 security and must apply a layer of grease paint to her face and wear gloves, to indicate hands and facial expression. Personnel are urged not to say anything should SCP-347 choose to leave her room nude, and crude remarks are frowned upon. Should SCP-347 attempt violent action or escape, she is to be restrained immediately and returned to her room, with the door securely locked.
Should SCP-347 successfully disappear from under the staff's nose, infrared 'heat vision' goggles will be dispensed and strange occurrences must be reported immediately as signs of her. For security reasons, SCP-347 is not allowed contact with any other SCPs as of yet.
SCP-348 is to be kept in a standard locker at Site-19. Personnel wishing to conduct tests involving SCP-348 are to obtain Level 3 or higher authorization, and present a detailed list of intended test subjects.
SCP-349 resembles a mundane graveyard and poses no apparent threat to the secrecy of Foundation operations or visitors to the site. Current containment protocols are limited to constant remote surveillance, the maintenance of a physical barrier to prevent casual unauthorized entry, and the assignment of a response team to deal with vandalism or other threats to site integrity. Plans exist to expand the site as necessary to accommodate theorized growth.
When not under experimentation, SCP-350 should be contained within a locked storage unit. No personnel other than those undergoing experimentation with SCP-350 should be allowed to sign SCP-350, no matter what might be offered in exchange. Those who have signed SCP-350 should be allowed to fulfill the terms of SCP-350 until the terms conflict with Foundation interests, at which point they should be restrained or terminated as necessary. Any Staff Member above Level 3 caught signing SCP-350 for any reason must be immediately terminated.
All copies of SCP-351 are to be stored on secure Foundation containment databases, with access only available to Memetics Division personnel. If testing is performed, a "blank" copy of SCP-351 consisting solely of SCP-351-1 will be used to neutralize the anomaly's effects in the test subject and potentially compromised personnel.
Bots I/O-SHANNON and I/O-MINERVA are programmed to routinely scan online websites for the appearances of SCP-351 copies. Found copies are to be downloaded then removed from the sites under standard online anomaly containment protocols. Mobile Task Force ψ-13 ("EOT") has been tasked with halting mass memory alteration in the event SCP-351 affects large portions of the populace. Task force agents must follow standard memetic quarantine protocols and are equipped with electronics that display the aforementioned blank copies, which must be viewed on a twice-daily basis.
Testing to determine the limitations of the anomaly's implanted memories is underway.
Containment area is to remain sealed at all times. No human interaction is allowed with SCP-352. Any and all interaction should be carried out via robot or other remote means. Should human interaction become necessary, full hazmat containment protocols should be observed. In addition, security lines must be attached to all personnel. Should any personnel begin to exhibit erratic behavior, they are to be immediately removed from the containment area via the security lines.
Any staff reporting hallucinations after interaction with SCP-352 or her “hair” are to immediately be placed under quarantine. Any staff working in or around the containment area must submit to random psychological and physical testing. Anyone found to be contaminated will be placed into immediate quarantine.
Staff attacked by SCP-352 may only be recovered if they have not been bitten by SCP-352. SCP-352 is to be fed only once weekly. Feeding will be discontinued for one month if SCP-352 attacks any personnel.
Biological hazard protocol [REDACTED] is to be maintained at all times (Biohazard Threat Level 4). Full hazardous materials suits, gloves, and oxygen supply will be required to examine subject. A disinfectant shower and decontamination spray are standard procedure before and after contact with SCP-353. The whole containment unit is to be kept underground, at negative pressure, and hermetically sealed at all times to prevent accidental contamination to the outside area. In the case of containment breach, all affected personnel are to be placed in immediate Biohazard Level 4 Quarantine. Termination will be required in the possibility of an outbreak of one or more Class 9 infectious agents.
Subject should be fed three times a day, as standard, and provided with the minimum required comfort items: a twin size bed, a pillow, and a blanket. Clothing in the form of disposable surgical scrubs are to be provided as needed, but requests for items should otherwise be denied. Any outward signs of disease in the subject, such as rashes, boils, vomiting, or sickly pallor or demeanor, should be reported with haste. Since the appearance of symptoms in SCP-353 means a willful effort on her part, subject is to be subdued and questioned.
Should SCP-353 need to leave its containment facility for any reason, it is to be fitted with explosive collar, time release drug delivery device (for dosages of euphoric substances), and biohazard containment suit. Should SCP-353's suit breach containment, emergency sterilization procedures up to and including incineration of the affected area are to be carried out.
Due to SCP-354's immobile nature, Area-354 has been built around it. Area-354 houses forces and D-class personnel prepared to deal with threats emerging from SCP-354, as well as researchers studying SCP-354 and its properties. For their own safety, no on-site personnel are to approach SCP-354 at any time. Direct interaction with SCP-354 is permitted only for the purpose of research to eliminate SCP-354 and must be approved by O5 personnel.
Area-354 was constructed to contain and neutralize any and all further threats emerging from SCP-354. At the heart of Area-354, a twenty (20) foot wall of concrete reinforced with [DATA EXPUNGED] has been constructed around SCP-354 to prevent emerging entities from escaping into the area at large. High-speed motion detection cameras are placed atop the wall looking down into the pool, and armed guards can easily shoot down into the enclosure from catwalks placed above the pool.
All specimens of SCP-355 are to be kept in a 5 metre by 5 metre plot of ground in a small terrarium in Site 19 and watered daily. This section is to be kept with minimal air movement to prevent accidental release of seeds, and provided with Standard Atmospheric Mixture #14. Dim, red light is to be maintained in the room. Access to the room is to be granted by Dr. Fieswell, and tests are to be performed under his supervision. All visitors are required to wear a thick-soled environment suit for the duration of the visit. The entrance to the room is to be secured with an airlock and fan system to prevent the accidental release of seeds.
The remains of SCP-356 are to be kept continuously frozen in Long Term Biological Storage Unit 73A at Site-23. Staff are advised that SCP-356 has been a person of interest to the governments of the United States, the Russian Federation, and the Republic of Azerbaijan since 1986. As such, liaisons to the Foundation serving with these nations or affiliated entities are to be kept unaware of SCP-356's containment in 1986 and death in 1987.
Update: Except for approved research purposes, no electronic devices capable of receiving telephone calls are to be brought within 10 m of SCP-356.
A 10 kg seed sample of SCP-357 is to be contained within a hermetically sealed container within a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m room at Site-19. Samples removed from the container are not to exceed 1 kg. A detailed log must be kept of all SCP-357 that is produced, complete with accurate records of what had been used to feed it and how much of the sample was subsequently destroyed via compression.
The mass of the container is to be monitored electronically. Changes in mass that are not accounted for by removal or return of samples will result in an automatic lockdown of that section of Site-19, as this indicates that a breach of the container may have occurred.
Unless provided Level 4 approval, researchers are not to expose SCP-357 to temperatures exceeding 100°C. The amount exposed to these temperatures is never to be greater than 1 mm3, under any circumstances.
Due to the mental side effects of SCP-358, SCP-358 is to be kept locked at all times except during testing, and all windows are to remain boarded, with regular guard patrols to ensure that no unauthorized entry occurs. The entirety of the building should be sealed air-tight, and any leaks reported immediately along with any signs of forced entry. Anyone found inside the building with reasons other than testing should be evacuated immediately and held for questioning and observation.
SCP-359 is to be contained within a 30mx30mx30m concrete structure. This structure is not to be entered between the hours of 9:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. local standard time. Any monitoring of SCP-359 during these hours is to be done via security cameras installed within the structure.
SCP-359 is to be fed one adult pig every other day. Acceptable substitutions to this diet must be cleared with Agent ██████████ and Dr. ██████████. All remnants of SCP-359's prey are to be completely cleaned out of the containment structure by 8:45 p.m. the following day.
Foundation agents embedded in airport security and sky marshal agencies worldwide are to monitor air travelers and chartered flights for suspected activity related to SCP-360. Individuals suspected of attempting SCP-360 are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class A amnestic; all items related to the activation of SCP-360 are to be confiscated for research.
In confirmed cases of SCP-360 activation, Foundation response teams are to enact media suppression and prevent dissemination of knowledge pertaining to the incident. Flight crew and passenger witnesses are to be administered a Class B amnestic and given a cover story.
SCP-361 is to be kept in a standard Artifact Containment Unit in Site-19's High Value wing. SCP-361 is to be kept in a cool and dry environment to prevent damage to the aged metal it is composed of, and thoroughly cleaned after each use.
SCP-362 may be sealed in a polypropylene bag and stored in an indexed box on-site within Vault 2b.
SCP-362 is to be stored in a polypropylene bag and kept in a standard lockbox. This lockbox is to be kept in a dedicated room with no materials pertaining to other SCPs, including handwritten and/or typed files, smartphones, PDAs, Post-It notes, memos, etc. Electronic devices with access to the Internet and/or on-site intranet are forbidden from entering and/or accessing said room. Containment chamber should include non-relevant books and magazines along with blank notebooks, for observation purposes.
Only persons possessing Level 1 clearance or lower may receive authorization to enter the containment chamber and wear SCP-362, which shall be done for research purposes and for said purposes only. Dr. ██████ and O5-█ possess keys unlocking SCP-362’s lockbox; no other copies may be made without O5 authorization. Two security personnel must bar access to anyone not possessing the required clearance, and at least one surveillance camera must monitor each of the following for both research and security purposes: exterior of chamber entryway, interior of chamber entryway, lockbox, and the chamber itself.
SCP-363 specimens are contained in a 2 m x 2 m x 2 m room that is to be constantly illuminated by high-powered lighting. This lighting must be connected to multiple redundant power sources, and in case of total system failure, Mobile Task Force Eta-Seven is to be dispatched to assess the threat.
SCP-363 is to be fed twenty (20) lab mice, administered once every forty-eight (48) hours.
Since SCP-364 cannot be reached by humans, containment measures consist primarily of finding and suppressing any information about SCP-364 before such information can be publicly disseminated. Foundation assets have been inserted into all major space agencies and most private space exploration companies, with standing orders to report back on any actions planned or being carried out that could potentially expose SCP-364. A task force has also been set up to monitor actions by amateur astronomers, although the chances of independent discovery of SCP-364 from ground-based installations are quite small.
SCP-365 is to be stored in a storage locker at Storage Site-23. SCP-365 must be kept away from any body of water except for testing purposes. SCP-365 is to be kept in its testing pool at all times. The door to the pool is to be locked and guarded by one security guard (see Addendum 365-02). Experiment requests must be approved by a Level-3 researcher.
All SCP-366 specimens, regardless of stage, are to be stored in a Level 4 Biological Hazard freezing unit at Biological Research Site-66. Cryopreservation is to be achieved through freezing in liquid nitrogen at a constant temperature of -196 °C to prevent activation. Due to the diminutive nature of SCP-366 ova, these specimens are to be stored in a near vacuum class III biosafety cabinet to avoid accidental dispersion, in addition to cryopreservation as outlined above.
All specimens and infested hosts are only to be handled by authorized personnel wearing Level A hazmat suits with SCBA, and all personnel involved in the handling of SCP-366 are to be scanned by MRI for possible infestation before entering and after exiting containment facilities.
If an infestation is detected, specific procedures are to be followed depending on the sex of the host. Males are to be detained and subjected to a dual inguinal orchiectomy by resident Level 3 or higher medical staff. All medical offal is to be disposed of according to the HazB-Inf/142b protocol. A secondary scan for infestation is to be performed after recovery in quarantine to verify the success of the procedure and to rule out residual infestation. Females found to have suffered infestation are to be likewise detained and placed in quarantine under medical observation 24 hours per day until such time as an ABE-366 event occurs.
Should signs of an imminent ABE-366 event be detected, the host is to be sedated using benzodiazepines, the dosage to be determined by the resident head of medical staff. The host's quarantine cell is then to be evacuated of all personnel. Due to the dangers of hearing loss, immediate containment of SCP-366 specimens exiting the host's body is essential. Post-event, both the host and any affected personnel are to be screened for (continued) infestation and treated accordingly. If no such infestation is detected and the host survived, class-A amnestics may be administered and the host need no longer be detained. No special social reintegration procedures apply.
As locations where SCP-366 ova are deposited shift if sealed off permanently, containment of these areas focuses on detection, quarantine of hosts and containment of specimens. If celestial events known to trigger the appearance of SCP-366 ova can be foreseen, sites are to be closed down temporarily. If need be, ova may be harvested for research. In all other situations, ova are to be allowed to expire before sites are declared open again.
If infestation is detected outside of Foundation control, hosts are to be detained and subjected to the stipulations above. The procedures outlined above are then to be applied to locations linked to these cases.
Critical infestations occurring outside of the Foundation's control warrant a full quarantine of all individuals in contact with the deceased. If necessary, temporary research and detainment sites are to be established around large-scale hotzones.
SCP-367's containment area is to be checked daily for damage done by SCP-367. Any and all damage to containment area is to be repaired immediately. Should damage exceed that which can be repaired in a 12-hour period, SCP-367 is to be moved to a temporary containment area and kept under constant observation while repairs are made. Any attempts by SCP-367 to damage or escape containment are to immediately be met with Chemical Suppression Tactic A-11 (CST A-11).
Every two hours, SCP-367 is to be provided with one (1) kilogram of "feed", which may be composed of any available bio-matter. In the event that no suitable bio-mass is available, other items may be provided for consumption and CST A-11 is to be placed on stand-by in case of rejection behavior by SCP-367. SCP-367 is to be weighed after each feeding period to monitor weight and density increase leading up to division.
Additional instances of SCP-367 forming in containment are to be disposed of. No unprotected interaction with SCP-367 is to be undertaken unless it is within thirty (30) minutes of a feeding period. SCP-367 may not be removed from the containment area without approval by Site Command. No instances of SCP-367 are to be released to staff for any purpose other than testing.
SCP-368 has not yet warranted any need for containment. Though it has the movement patterns and behavior common to a normal bird, neither it nor any of its copies (see Addendum) have shown any desire to migrate from the offices in which they are stored.


SCP-368 in a rare moment of inactivity.


SCP-369 is to be monitored by time-lapse camera feed, to be reviewed for anomalous behavior every twenty four hours. Motion sensitive perimeter alert devices should be placed at the borders of SCP-369 each time it relocates, with at least three Level 1 personnel nearby to behave as a semi-active construction crew when under observation. Personnel are to avoid directly observing SCP-369 when no other potential observers are present, though indirect viewing through video or even mirrors has no effect, allowing SCP-369 to continue as normal.
Under no circumstances should actual construction work be attempted on SCP-369, nor should the equipment around it be used. Upon loss of contact with SCP-369 when its task is finished, site monitoring should be repackaged and ready for transit to a new location. Once 24 hours have passed, all roads within 75 km (46.6 miles) should be examined for construction work not matching work schedules of the regional government. Only paved roads are to be examined, beginning with sections of road with comparatively lower usage.
SCP-370 itself is embedded in a small slab of solid lead and kept inside a solid steel box with no openings and 0.5 meter thick walls. Under no circumstances is SCP-370 to be removed from either this box or the lead slab. If SCP-370 becomes partially or completely exposed, blindfolded personnel will be assigned to locate it with a metal detector. An electromagnet will then be used to transfer SCP-370 to a small mold filled with molten lead. Once this has hardened the lead slab containing SCP-370 will be returned to its steel box, and the box returned to its containment vault.
This box is kept in a specially designated vault at Site-██. SCP-370 requires no maintenance whatsoever and no research is authorized. Desire to open this vault to perform research on SCP-370 or for any other reason is a symptom of SCP-370 infection. Any personnel displaying this or any other symptoms must be quarantined immediately and terminated if symptoms persist.
SCP-370’s vulnerability status is unknown. No testing of this sort has been carried out, and no future testing is authorized due to the extreme risk of contagion to personnel involved.
D-class personnel with significant violent or sadistic tendencies are to be preferred in all interactions with SCP-370 or potentially SCP-370 contagious data.
All live broadcasting capability will be removed from any Foundation Site that shows signs of SCP-370 presence and restored one (1) year after the last SCP-370 event.
Any personnel assigned to SCP-370 who show a sudden improvement in overall well-being should be quarantined and deprived of sleep. If any personnel continue to display ‘happiness’ symptoms despite this measure termination will be authorized.
All specimens of SCP-371 are to be contained in ocean-water tanks, filled with at least seven hundred fifty (750) liters of water (approx. 200 gallon) per specimen at between 2 and 5 degrees Celsius. Walls may be constructed of any waterproof metal or plate glass, and at least two inches thick. Once every thirty (30) days, a live animal weighing between 25 and 45 kilograms (preferably oceanic fish, although in emergencies, any terrestrial vertebrate including humans with the head kept suspended above water will suffice) is to be deposited in the containment unit. Following the completion of the lytic cycle after ten days, several SCP-371 specimens may be maintained, and all extra are to be strained out of the excurrent water, dried, and incinerated.
Any personnel entering SCP-371's containment chamber intentionally must be equipped with SCUBA gear, commercially available “shark-proof” diving armor, thick faceplates, and kevlar helmets. If these measures fail or are breached for any reason, the animal supply for that month may be skipped.
There are currently 15 SCP-371 specimens in containment.
SCP-372 is to be contained in a cell, 5m x 4m x 2m, lined with reinforced plexiglass. Embedded into each of the four walls of this cell will be one infrared motion detector. Feeding will take place once every two weeks, to consist of 1 kg of red meat and uncooked vegetables, to be deposited in its cell via chute.
All guards working near SCP-372's cell must wear helmets with cameras mounted in the forehead, with live feeds to the nearest guard station. In the event of a containment breach, an alert will be sounded that all personnel should watch for any brief flickering movements in the corner of their eyes, and to report immediately if one is sighted.
SCP-373 is to be kept in a containment locker at Site 38. Research into SCP-373 and SCP-373-A iterations is to be carried out by authorized personnel. Grounds for immediate revocations of testing privileges include, but are not limited to: recent loss of loved ones (testing privileges suspended for five (5) years), any history of abuse or inability to follow orders as per containment procedures for other SCPs (testing privileges revoked permanently), any past association with paranormal research or investigative groups (testing privileges revoked until approval given by Site director), or any unusual or persistent interest or obsession with SCP-373 (testing privileges revoked permanently).
Note from Head Researcher ████: The potential implications of this device for both SCP-373-A entities and their former loved ones require a certain degree of composure with regards to its use. Quite frankly, we may be creating these beings rather than channeling them. Personnel unable to react responsibly with that degree of power are not to be allowed access.
Note from Head Researcher ████: Testing suspended until further notice. See Addendum 373-3. Testing with D-class personnel to be carried out as per Addendum 373-4.
For maximum efficiency in gathering intelligence regarding SCP-373-A entities, all records used with SCP-373 should be 33 1/2 rpm vinyl albums with lyric-heavy songs or spoken-word tracks. Audiobooks, comedy albums, and other principally speech-based records are encouraged; principally instrumental or orchestral music is forbidden.
SCP-374 is to be stored in a disassembled state. The blade of SCP-374 is to be stored separately from the rest of the apparatus, and must be cleaned and polished with optical-grade polishing cloth and non-abrasive cleanser after each use.
Due to their extreme age, all parts of the apparatus must be stored in climate-controlled facilities. The blade must be stored in a facility with a class-2 fire prevention system, and the frame must be stored in a facility with a class-3 fire prevention system.
SCP-374's properties are dependent on the conjunction of its original wooden frame and metal blade; these are to be preserved. Other parts of SCP-374 (screws, bolts, pull-cord) may be replaced as necessary.
Each expired instance of SCP-374-1 is to be preserved in formaldehyde for one year, after which it is to be incinerated. Except in emergencies, only D-class personnel are to be used to produce instances of SCP-374-1.
All interrogation sessions are to be recorded, transcribed, and archived. Interrogations are to begin with the question "Can you hear me?" in order to compel a response.
SCP-375 is to be kept under full surveillance by a security detail of no less than five personnel disguised as renovators and contractors. Any subjects attempting to enter SCP-375 are to be turned away, with the cover story of indefinite renovations. All instances of SCP-375-1 are to be kept incapacitated within the bank. In the event of an attempted robbery, personnel are to follow procedure to deposit the robbers as outlined in Protocol Document 375-I2-Linnel.
SCP-376 is to remain in the Secure Agriculture Facility at Site-██. It is to be linked to a single underground electric cable that is to be powered by a single generator not attached to the main power grid. There is no need for any additional security measures to contain SCP-376 other than the existing security at the Secure Agriculture Facility.
SCP-377 is kept in the Personnel break room, third cabinet to the left of the refrigerator. Any personnel desiring a cookie from SCP-377 may take one (1), and only one cookie, every 48 hours, to ensure that all personnel get a share. Personnel read their fortunes at their own risk.
SCP-378 is to be contained in a Subterranean Entity Containment Terrarium. Temperature and humidity are to be maintained at levels optimal for the growth and habitation of Heterodermia kaincrow1 and Prenolepis everettmann2. Twice per year, SCP-378 is to undergo a medical and psychological examination.
Access to SCP-378's containment terrarium is separated from the surrounding facility by a decontamination chamber. Handling personnel are required to wear full-body protection, and must be screened for SCP-378-A prior to exiting decontamination. Infected personnel are to be terminated unless the position of SCP-378-1 or -3 is vacant, in which case they are to be assigned to the relevant position instead.
As of the adoption of the Kraken Protocol, SCP-378's containment is focused on maintaining its three primary containment components:

SCP-378-1 is housed in the Area-19 barracks. SCP-378-1 is employed as a maintenance technician with a security clearance of 0/A19. Upon the death of the current SCP-378-1, brain-dead or comatose reserve personnel may be elected to replace it. As SCP-378-1 is the primary means of communication with SCP-378, care must be maintained to keep SCP-378-1's vocal functions in working order.
SCP-378-2 currently takes the form of David Lockheed, a 36-year-old Caucasian male in the employ of the American Supernatural Containment Initiative (ASCI) as a clerical aid. To maintain the continued operations of the SCP Foundation in the United States, SCP-378-2 has been tasked with sabotaging ASCI operations against the Foundation, as well as collecting information in the Foundation's interests. SCP-378-2 is expected to follow a strict health and exercise regimen, due to the inherent difficulty in replacing it.
SCP-378-3 currently takes the form of Lisa Martin, a 33-year old Mexican-American female employee at the Spicy Crust Pizza in Staten Island. In the event of SCP-378-3's death, it must be replaced as soon as possible.

Each component is fitted with a tracking device and an audio recorder. Each week, embedded agents stationed near each component are to evaluate the health and integrity of each component and its associated surveillance equipment. The utilization of SCP-378-A in further infiltration is pending Foundation Overwatch approval.
SCP-379 is to be kept in vault-████ at Sector ████-█ when not in use. When being transported it should be carried in a locked and padded container, such as a padded briefcase, as the bottle is fragile. As our supply is limited, all testing and experimentation must be authorized by Dr. ███████ beforehand.
This object should be kept connected to a small computer in health lab H██, in the off position. The object may be disconnected and moved to any computer that is capable of an internet connection, but by the request of Dr. ████████, should never be attached to a computer with internet access.
SCP-381 is to be kept in a 23 x 31 cm document envelope in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedure is not necessary under non-testing conditions. Non-Roman Catholic Christian (i.e., any Protestant denomination) research staff are not permitted to perform tests on SCP-381 due of the risk of combustion; other Abrahamic or non-religious personnel are not at risk.
SCP-382-1 is to be stored in a standard Site-██ containment room, inside a 1.5 x 1.5 x 1.5 meter plexiglass box of 5 centimeter thickness, at minimum. A video camera is to be kept trained on it at all times, though this is merely for observational purposes. Due to the area of influence and deleterious nature of SCP-382's effect, it should only be removed from its enclosure for testing purposes, with staff observing from a remote location.
The manifestation of SCP-382-2 has so far been confined to SCP-382-1, and therefore requires no special containment procedures beyond those already in place for SCP-382-1. See addendum 382-A. No personnel (Class-D or otherwise) should interact with SCP-382-1 for more than 2 hours, unless accompanied by at least one armed Agent.
All samples of SCP-383 must be kept in standard airtight, plastic containers frozen into ice blocks, and stored in a locker kept at -5 degrees Celsius at all times. All samples of SCP-383 removed for testing must be handled with a minimum safety equipment of a face mask, latex gloves, and protective goggles (optional if personnel already wear prescription glasses.) Personnel are reminded to wash hands after handling SCP-383 related materials.
All suspected and confirmed infections of SCP-383 will be treated with personnel, and anyone they have had direct contact within the frame of infection, placed into quarantine for the duration of testing. A confirmed case of SCP-383 will result in personnel being placed under a week-long quarantine and placed on antivirals until testing reveals that SCP-383 is fully flushed from the system. Infected civilians are to be treated similarly, and given a Class B Amnestic, and told that they are in quarantine for a highly virulent new strain of the flu, and the cause of the outbreak must be identified.
All objects created by SCP-383 must be cataloged, along with the current state of the host. Hosts of SCP-383 will be given a high-nutrition IV drip and unless Class-D testing is in operation, hosts will be kept mildly sedated and in safe, hospitable situations.
For obvious security reasons, SCP-383 may not be introduced to any other SCP's.
Containment Unit-077, located directly outside Site-19, houses the current manifestation of SCP-384. It is to be outfitted with standard Foundation recording devices, and must be situated such that it cannot be considered part of Site-19. SCP-384 must be the only way to enter or exit Containment Unit-077, unless an experiment requires the destruction of SCP-384, in which case the directing Level 4 researcher must approve the installation of an additional entryway in Containment Unit-077.
When in use for experimentation, SCP-384 is to be observed at all times via closed circuit television. If remote observation fails for any reason, all personnel assigned to SCP-384 are to be notified, and only personnel with permission from the supervising Level 4 researcher may enter Containment Unit-077. Personnel entering during the event of an observation failure must observe SCP-384 at all times. Failure by any personnel to do so will result in a complete lockdown of Containment Unit-077 and Site-19 passageways leading to it, with normal operation to only resume at the overseeing Level 4 researcher's command. Offending personnel are to be severely reprimanded.
During experimentation, only approved personnel may converse with SCP-384-1. Conversations must be broken up into one-minute intervals. Interviewers must pause conversation at the one minute mark, wait at least thirty seconds, and then resume conversation.
As of 3/22/20██, all researchers experimenting with SCP-384 must be accompanied by at least two armed guards. Personnel entering Containment Unit-077 will be subject to a standard Dangerous Material Search before being allowed entrance.
SCP-385 is locked within a standard fireproof container at Storage Site-23. Experimentation with SCP-385 requires written approval from any Level 4 researcher. After the incident outlined in Report 385-c all further testing must take place in a facility located within five degrees of either of the Earth's poles.
No entry to the containment area is allowed without approval from Site Command. Containment area should not be connected to any outside systems besides an entry airlock. Seals and filters for the airlock must be checked daily, and replaced as needed. Incendiary devices are to be placed inside the containment area, with remote activation controls. In the event of containment failure, incendiary devices are to be immediately detonated and the site is to go into full lock-down for a period of one month to find and contain any spore leakage.
The containment area is to be cleaned and repaired at least twice a year. Anything exiting the containment area must be scanned for SCP-386 spores. Any personnel entering into or working near the containment area must be in full haz-mat gear with self-contained atmosphere.
Due to the nature of this object and the almost nonexistent harm it poses, it is stationed in a storage container in Site-19 with a standard lock. The red tub in which SCP-387 is contained does not possess any unusual properties itself, as has been determined through testing but SCP-387 will not duplicate itself unless at least a layer of it covers the bottom of the aforementioned container. A sheet is available for those wishing to utilize SCP-387, and access will be revoked if it is not properly restored.
SCP-388 is to be kept in a locked safe in a room guarded by at least two (2) armed guards instructed to refuse access to any unauthorized personnel; use of lethal force is permitted to this end.
Unless undergoing experimentation, SCP-388 is to remain outside the influence of any other SCPs demonstrating properties capable of modifying physical laws or drawing energy from unknown sources.
SCP-390 is stored in a disassembled state in a climate-controlled containment unit at Site ██. Direct access to or experimentation with SCP-390 may only be performed with permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
SCP-391 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 5 m aviary, made of heavy steel mesh. Structures mimicking mixed broadleaf deciduous and pine forests should be placed inside the aviary. Artificial lights, mimicking normal day and night patterns, are to be kept well maintained. Temperature and humidity should be controlled to mimic a humid continental climate.
The door to the aviary is to be kept locked at all times when SCP-391 is not being studied, maintained, or fed. Personnel exiting the aviary are to be searched for objects removed from the aviary. Personnel attempting to remove material from the aviary without permission will be reprimanded.
All living SCP-392 instances are to be held in a standard greenhouse sector at Biological Research Site-103. Population of SCP-392 instances is to be maintained at an upper limit of ten. Selected SCP-392 seeds are to be extracted and kept in cryonic storage at Bio Site-103.
SCP-393 is to be kept in the possession of a designated D-class subject, hereby referred to as D-393, at Site-██. The vitals of D-393 are to be monitored at all times to prevent SCP-393 from 'linking' to important SCP personnel in the event of D-393's death. A secondary D-class subject will remain on stand-by for emergency reclamations of SCP-393 if D-393 should die.
SCP-394 should be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-██ with a combination lock. Lock is to be reset as per standard opeperimentation only by authorized Level Three personnel. Under no circumstances should SCP-394 be tested in a sealed area.
SCP-395 is to be kept in the center of a locked room at least 10 meters wide. No female personnel are to be allowed into SCP-395's room under any circumstances. The room is to be guarded by two male personnel at all times. Any unusual behavior should be reported immediately. Any independent movement on the part of SCP-395 should likewise be reported.
SCP-395 is to be fed one liter of a half-and-half mixture of blood and milk, both taken from the same individual, once a week. Failing to follow a regular feeding schedule will cause SCP-395 to increase its range at a rate of 10 meters per day without food. If it has not been fed for more than one week past its expected time, it will begin to [REDACTED].
A geolocator has been affixed to SCP-396 to track its movements. Local Foundation liaisons have been dispatched to locations where SCP-396 frequently manifests to facilitate prompt re-containment. An airborne amnestic compound has been infused into the cushions of SCP-396 and into its containment chamber as a precaution. When possible, SCP-396 is to be contained within Area-93.
Foundation personnel are not to mention any location or event taking place outside of Area-93 when they are within SCP-396's containment area. Failure to comply with this can result in demotion to Level 0 and is to be treated as a disclosure of classified information.
Current theories on enacting permanent containment are currently focused on finding ways to utilize SCP-396's awareness of its surroundings to create controlled environments and induce it to teleport there, which SCP-396 may become settled in repeatedly appearing. This "closed loop" theory of containment is currently under consideration by the Area-93 leadership.
SCP-397 is contained within secure arboretum ██ at Site 20. The arboretum should be stocked with vegetation native to [REDACTED] and the temperature adjusted to mimic local seasonal variances. SCP-397 is confined to the arboretum space when not undergoing active testing. Transfer for testing is subject to Level 3 approval and is to be facilitated by at least three security personnel with documented intelligence quotient ratings above ███. SCP-397 may be provided with music or literature upon request, though all selections must be reviewed by at least one Level 3 researcher to determine suitability. SCP-397 is to be kept isolated from any primates at all times save research staff.
SCP-398 is contained behind a reverse-airlock style containment chamber locking mechanism consisting of at least three steel doors and an atmospheric reduction system. A minimum of two guards must be stationed at the doors, remaining at a 50 m distance from the entrance to the SCP.
When not being worn by a human being, SCP-399 is inert. SCP-399 is to be kept in a locked safe at Facility ██ when not in use. Testing of SCP-399 requires Level 4 approval and is only to be handled by personnel who have received a clusively for testing and should not be used to power any other mission-essential equipment or facilities.
As a result of Experiments 399-4 and 399-5, testing of SCP-399 on human subjects requires Level 5 approval and is to be conducted in isolation from other SCPs or sensitive facilities.
Under no circumstances is SCP-399 to be tested or stored in the vicinity of any "free energy" or "perpetual motion" device.
The single colony of SCP-400 in Foundation custody (designation SCP-400-B) is currently housed in a juvenile humanoid containment cell at Site-77’s Euclid objects wing. Any cell containing an active SCP-400 colony must be secured with an air-lock door under Bio-safety Level 4 precautions. Any openings for ventilation must be covered by a metal screen with gaps no greater than 0.2 cm in diameter, followed by aerosol filter 400-AF to be changed monthly and remanded to on-site chemical research personnel with Level 3/4 clearance. Access for experimentation purposes requires approval from both the Ethics Committee and the item's acting HMCL supervisor (currently Dr. Marshall Grant). SCP-400 handlers are required to wear Level 4 positive pressure Bio-hazard suits, and must be decontaminated prior to egress. In emergency situations, prevention of olfactory contact with SCP-400 is sufficient to prevent accidental exposure in most cases. For care-giving instructions, please refer to Document 400-C rev 1.3.
Agents operating in the continental United States are to report any statistically significant drop in daycare, preschool, and primary school enrollment in their assigned region. Elements of MTF Beta-7 (“Maz Hatters”) are to remain on-call for identification, research, and termination of active SCP-400 infestations. Locations found to be infested are to be quarantined using cover story 139-B (‘bubonic plague’). Media inquiries are to be categorically denied, and all agents of the press demonstrating interest in the quarantine are to be detained and administered a Class B amnestic prior to release.
Foundation personnel affected by SCP-400 are subject to quarantine of up to three (3) weeks. If by this time anomalous effects have subsided, personnel are subject to psychological evaluation prior to return to duty. If anomalous effects are still present after the administration of a Class A amnestic, remaining personnel may be reassigned to non-anomalous research, administrative, and medical positions. Civilians exposed are to be administered a Class A amnestic prior to release. Please refer to Document 400-1R for reintegration instructions by geographic region. Damage control for infestations affecting population centers of 500 persons or more may employ amnestic agent Ennui-02 locally if necessary.
At least one active SCP-400 colony must be collected from all subsequent infestations, and remanded to genetic research personnel with Level 3/400 clearance.
SCP-401 is to be kept in an enclosed courtyard at Site-██. A mural of the landscape of southern France is painted on the walls of the courtyard. Once daily, personnel are to locate at least ten roots which will be fed a total of 15 L of nutritional supplement 401-NS-4 and to remove any solid waste produced. An EKG is to constantly monitor SCP-401 for any anomalies (refer to Incident 401-1 for details). Female personnel are not to enter the courtyard at any time between March 15 and April 1, under any circumstances.
SCP-402 is kept in a climate-controlled storage locker at Site-41. All known SCP-402-A and all water affected by it (currently ~612,000 liters) are kept in a climate-controlled freezer at Site-41, with each sample wrapped in barricade tape to prevent accidents. SCP-402 and SCP-402-A must be kept away from all water, including water vapor, outside of testing.
Substantial quantities of SCP-402-A may exist outside of containment. All unusual drowning or suffocation deaths must be investigated for possible SCP-402 involvement. Mobile Task Force Tau-4 "Water, Water, Everywhere" is tasked with performing all testing, investigations, and retrieval missions associated with SCP-402.
SCP-402-1 is kept in a Type 2 Humanoid Containment Cell at Site-59.
SCP-403 is to be sealed in a steel safe with a combination known only by Dr. ████ ███████. The walls of the safe must be reinforced with fire-retardant material complying with Foundation standard C3/403. The safe will remain under surveillance by 2 armed guards at all times.
SCP-404 is to be kept in Section Alpha-1 of the Documents Repository. Any movement of SCP-404 beyond Section Alpha-1 will result in termination.
Infected subjects are to be contained at SCP-405 isolation zones. ███ zones exist in depopulated areas. All field teams encountering SCP-405 are to be informed of the locations of nearby isolation zones. All observation of SCP-405 victims is to be done via video link from a distance of no less than 1 km. If a subject suffering from SCP-405 is in the late stages upon apprehension, they are to be terminated and all individuals within 200 m are to undergo Treatment Protocol 405-Alpha if an isolation area cannot be reached in time. Treatment Protocol 405-Alpha is also to be used on any individuals found in the preliminary stages of SCP-405 infection.
SCP-405-1 are housed at Research Facility ████ in the ██████ Desert. On no account are individuals suffering from SCP-405 to be brought into contact with SCP-405-1. SCP-405-1 are to receive limited human contact from Drs. ██████ and ██████ only and only while Drs. ██████ and ██████ have been dosed with type 3 sedatives. SCP-405-1 are housed in █ adjoining 10 m x 10 m x 10 m cells and are not considered an escape risk: Research Facility ████'s remote location is for their benefit, not ours.
Task Force Tau-6 are assigned to monitor SCP-406 and process SCP-406-1 instances. They are to be based in a converted small industrial unit at a nearby industrial park, behind a Foundation front company ("Simon's Carpet Paradise").
The emergence point and western entrance of SCP-406 are to be monitored via closed circuit television cameras. Concealed lighting and infrared sensors are to be fitted to detect and illuminate emerging SCP-406-1 instances, and emergency clothing, non-perishable food, and basic first aid supplies are to be concealed behind false brickwork on the opposite wall. Two-way audio communication is to be enabled, via concealed microphones and speakers, between Tau-6 and the emergence point, to guide and instruct SCP-406-1 instances, and to wake them if necessary. The gate at the open western entrance is to be kept locked. Trespassers are to be monitored and are to be detained and administered amnestics if they witness an SCP-406-1 instance.
SCP-406-1 instances are to be retrieved by members of Tau-6 and taken to Sector-25, debriefed, administered amnestics, then escorted to their point of origin. Fabricated cover stories and/or amnestics are to be used to explain the absence of SCP-406-1 instances. All SCP-406-1 instances are to be logged and remotely monitored for a period of 5 years (previously 20), and detained if any anomalous properties become apparent.
A proposal for covert monitoring of residents of the origin area to prevent or reduce disappearance event frequency is currently under review.
At time of acquisition SCP-407 was recorded within a compact cassette tape. Currently, SCP-407 is backed-up as a digital audio file on [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-407 should not be allowed to play under any circumstances outside testing conditions, and only with the approval of O5-██.
Testing of SCP-407 is to be done in completely sound-proof environments. All tools and subjects must be sterilized to remove the presence of pollen, fungal spores, plant seeds, and as much bacterial life to the greatest degree possible to delay the negative effects of SCP-407.
The screen mesh aviary must be kept properly maintained by Level 2 personnel with backgrounds in biology or lepidoptery. Proper humidity must be maintained and recorded once per day, and backed up to Site 17. 200 feeders filled with an aqueous sugar solution are to be maintained and refilled once per week.
No physical contact may be made with SCP-409 for any reason. Anything making physical contact with SCP-409 must be contained in quarantine immediately, along with any materials used in the transport of the subject. SCP-409 must be kept in a granite case at all times. Any transportation of SCP-409 must be done in a sealed granite container. Residue from SCP-409's effect are to be sealed in granite containers along with any tools used to transport residue into containers.
SCP-410 is currently held at Site-23, Entomology Lab 14/Zeta, and maintained in a 1 x 1 x 1m transparent acrylic glass container. The top of the container is perforated with thirty-three (33) 1mm holes to allow for ventilation and features a small, hinged, lockable hatch in its center measuring 5 x 5 cm. The hatch utilizes a simple cylinder lock which is to be re-keyed every three (3) months. The hatch is to remain locked unless SCP-410 is actively being fed or constituent members of SCP-410 are being removed for/returned from research applications.
Every twenty four (24) hours, a visual inspection and inventory of SCP-410 and its constituent members is to be performed and logged according to Level IV Archival Standards by designated observational staff. Any increase or decrease in the number of constituent members of SCP-410 should be reported to the senior researcher on duty immediately.
Every twelve (12) hours, a document containing no fewer than five thousand (5000) words in any language, but possessing a minimum syntactical, orthographical and/or grammatical error ratio of 1% (50 errors/5000 words) is to be placed inside the container. The document should be removed after one (1) hour, reviewed by a staff linguist with a specialty in the language the document was composed in, and subsequently filed in the SCP-410 Feeding Archive. "Food" documents should be composed specifically for the purpose of sustaining the SCP-410 colony. No existing archival materials or official SCP records should be given to the entire SCP-410 colony under any circumstances.
A single individual from the 14-member colony that comprises SCP-410 may be removed for research and functional application for a single two (2) hour activity period daily with approval from the senior researcher on duty. No more than four (4) members of the colony are to be removed at any given time. Transport of a single SCP-410 colony member should be facilitated by no fewer than two (2) Class 2 entomology staff using only an approved SCP-410 transport module to do so. The current SCP-410 transport modules are 20 x 20 x 20cm transparent acrylic glass containers perforated with twelve (12) 1mm ventilation holes and each featuring a hinged lid equipped with a simple latch.
SCP-411 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment suite at Existential Isolation Facility ██ at [O5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]. All reasonable requests made by SCP-411 are to be met where possible. A bank of television screens displaying 24-hour news coverage is to be provided for SCP-411's use. Requests for texts and devices that do not yet exist are to be filed until such a time as they can be assessed. At the moment SCP-411 is not considered a containment risk. All information gathered from SCP-411 is to be stored at the Existential Containment Unit and is to be disclosed at the discretion of Dr ██████ only. All staff leaving Existential Isolation Facility ██ are to be administered with Class C Amnestics.
SCP-412 is currently contained within Storage Unit-11 at Site-19; removal of the item requires authorization by no fewer than three (3) personnel with Level-3 clearance, and may be vetoed by Site Security. Gloves should be worn when handling SCP-412 and the item should be transported in an opaque container.
Staff interaction must be carried out with full observance of Hazmat Protocol 7-R. Any and all staff making physical contact with or direct observation of SCP-412 will submit to a full physical examination. Anyone found to exhibit physical alteration will be remanded immediately to quarantine.
All entrances to SCP-413 are to be sealed and put under armed guard. Under no circumstances are unauthorized persons allowed to enter SCP-413, with guards authorized to use lethal force. Any personnel entering SCP-413 for experiments are required to wear GPS trackers and safety lines at all times. Should containment be breached, or by O5 decree, Containment Protocol 413 must be immediately enacted by the highest ranking personnel present.
SCP-414 is currently uncontained; containment efforts focus upon mitigating media attention and providing social work programs to demographics targeted by SCP-414. Individuals affected by SCP-414 iterations must be dosed with Class-B amnestics upon recovery and are to be kept under observation. Individuals reaching the final stage of SCP-414-2 are to be contacted by a Foundation social work front company; individuals under final stage SCP-414-2 are to be treated with tri-weekly talk therapy and trained animal companions where applicable.
As it is beyond the Foundation's resources to perform surveillance on every possible target of SCP-414, records from social work organizations and mental health care centers are to be trawled for SCP-414 phenomena where possible. Any media reporting of SCP-414 phenomena are to be removed and a cover story provided; a list of applicable cover stories can be found in Document 414-B.
A cure for SCP-414-2 is to be considered the highest priority after successful and complete containment. - Doctor Alice Ogawa, Principal SCP-414 Researcher
SCP-415 is to be kept in standard living quarters with freedom of movement while with an armed guard. Guards and monitoring staff are to be stationed by the living area and all activity deviating from the daily norm is to be recorded. Requests for simple luxuries have been authorized and thus far such requests have been for reading material. This policy should continue as long as SCP-415 remains cooperative. Personnel interacting with SCP-415 show a particular risk of succumbing to sympathetic or emotional attachment. Due to this effect the staff assigned to SCP-415 should be rotated every 30 days.
Owing to its anomalous topographic structure and the danger it poses to civilians, it is essential that SCP-416 be sequestered from the public. Though SCP-416's true borders have yet to be exactly mapped, SCP Overwatch has, in cooperation with the ████████ government, restricted foot access and instituted a no-fly-zone within five (5) kilometers from the boundaries measured by the initial observation team.
Due to SCP-417's inability to be moved safely, SCP-417 remains stationary in █████████████████. The area surrounding SCP-417 (2.58 km² approx.) is patrolled by guards and bordered with a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. Civilians are informed that a small village with a highly virulent plague is being quarantined until further notice. Trespassers are to be shot on sight. Only Class-D personnel are permitted to directly handle and work with SCP-417. As wild animals seem to instinctively eschew SCP-417, no action need be taken against animals seen in the enclosed area.
All victims bitten by SCP-417-1 may be granted immediate euthanasia on request, and their body is to be placed in a sealed container and cremated immediately. Those that do not request will have the same immediate termination, except in the case of test subjects.
SCP-418 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell with category 3 surveillance. SCP-418 is to undergo weekly examinations to ensure that the removal of SCP-418-1 is not causing harm and that all portions of SCP-418 are still in place. No object with an edge capable of puncturing normal human skin, including materials such as paper, or that is capable of being converted into such an object is permitted in SCP-418's containment cell. As reading is not available to SCP-418 he is provided with a library of contemporary and classical television and films stored as media files on a modified and padded laptop computer. This privilege is to be suspended if at any time SCP-418 appears to be attempting to damage said laptop to gain access to a sharp edge.
SCP-418-1 is to be kept at internal body temperature in a medical containment unit in a secure location. Should SCP-418 become a security or containment threat SCP-418-1 is to be incinerated. SCP-418 is not to be informed of its location.
SCP-419 is to be kept within a steel alloy1 frame and attached to its accommodating wallspace. No covering or casing is present. SCP-419 currently resides in a room inside Site 33, dimensions 3m x 5m x 4m. All of the walls in the containment unit, including the one behind SCP-419, are made of a mesh of plastic, steel, and concrete. On the north-facing wall of the containment room is a viewing bay2 leading to another room with the same dimensions. Two guards are positioned outside of the containment room near the viewing bay and are authorized to use lethal force. They shift every three (3) hours. SCP-419 must be cleaned daily with ordinary window-cleaning supplies. Any personnel tasked with maintenance must not suffer from acrophobia. Constant monitoring of SCP-419 must take place from the viewing bay in order to ensure that the view through SCP-419 does not change significantly. In the event that it does, contact Site Director █████. Access to SCP-419 is prohibited except under special circumstances and permission from Site Director.
SCP-420 is to be contained in storage locker 1014-420 at Site-██. Level 3 clearance is required to remove it from storage. Samples of SCP-420-1 not in use for testing should be stored in the container marked "SCP-420-1-decon" in locker 1014-420 until they lose potency, at which time they can be disposed of as biohazardous liquid waste. Please make note of the time and date in the attached log when samples of SCP-420-1 are added to the decon container.
Those infected with SCP-420-2 are non-contagious, and should be contained in standard solitary D-class secure confinement. On reaching phase 3, infectees' rations should be doubled. Phase 4 infectees should be kept under constant surveillance for signs of advancement to phase 6, in which case the infected must be destroyed by high-temperature incineration.
SCP-421 is contained near Sector-28 by means of a steel anti-submarine net positioned across the mouth of the bay found at █████████°N, ██████████°W. The net is to be examined for damage weekly by Sector-28 staff, or immediately upon observation of abnormal behaviour of SCP-421. Civilian shipping should be prevented from entering the bay; nautical charts have been altered to indicate the presence of subsurface rocks dangerous to vessels throughout the area.
The bay containing SCP-421 has been dredged by Foundation vessels to allow for simulation of a deep sea environment, as it is believed this encourages SCP-421 to remain docile. SCP-421 should be 'fed' on a bimonthly basis; standard feed consists of a wooden fishing vessel, typically at least 15 metres in length and preferably in a dilapidated condition. The feed vessel should be floated out into the middle of the SCP-421 bay before being scuttled. It is noted that SCP-421 could theoretically consume significantly more material than it is currently provided with; current feeding protocols are designed to maintain the total mass of SCP-421 at the present level.
SCP-422 is to be contained in a 3.5 m x 3.5 m room. The room is to be kept bare, save for SCP-422’s bedding, water bowl, and a dog toy provided by Dr. ██████.
SCP-422 is to be fed twice a day, on a strictly carnivorous diet. SCP-422 may be fed any type of raw meat, provided in portions appropriate for a medium-to-large size dog. All meat must be carefully boned, as consuming bone can cause [DATA EXPUNGED] and other anomalies with SCP-422’s hide.
SCP-422 is to be monitored by security cameras placed in its enclosure, as well as two guards armed with tranquilizers stationed at the door. Though the creature has shown no interest in escaping or unprovoked hostility, it has the capability of doing so.
SCP-423 is contained in a 5 x 5 meter room containing three (3) 2 x 3 meter bookshelves. An incinerator is located adjacent. All personnel entering or leaving the room are to be searched for written material. Any written material must be checked for any trace of SCP-423 and then, if found clean, incinerated.
At night, SCP-423 is to remain in a small, plain journal marked 423. Failure to remain in this journal at designated times will result in loss of reading material outside of scheduled experiments.
Samples of SCP-424 have been relegated to the laboratory of Dr. █████████, to be administered to by researchers Dr. Tidbury and Dr. Herman. The central contingent mass is allowed free run of personnel levels 2, 3, and 4 of Sector-28, as it has demonstrated an acceptable level of personableness, as well as basic understanding of the concepts of privacy and personal space. There are, however, isolated incidents in which these courtesies have not been observed by SCP-424, though not in such frequency as to merit additional containment procedures. Complaints are available to Level 3 Human Resource staff in Personnel Archive C-424.
Supplemental: Personnel are advised not to take violent action against SCP-424, due to the nature of its behaviour. If it becomes an annoyance, simply ask it to leave. If it refuses, file a complaint and report to one of my assistants. Thank you.
-Dr. █████████
SCP-425 is to be kept in a standard containment area lined with a Faraday cage. Most staff with a security ception to this being staff who were born on days of the month that are multiples of 8 (e.g. 8, 16, and 24). Staff who were born on these days have proven to be susceptible to the negative effects of SCP-425.
I am to be sealed in a chamber with no windows through which I may be viewed. The door to my chamber must have a label completely unrelated to my designation or identity, in order to prevent unintended spread of my primary effect. Only Level 3 and above personnel are to know of my presence, and particularly of my properties. Assigned personnel are to be rotated out on a monthly basis to prevent contamination by my secondary effect. Psychiatric evaluation is mandatory at the end of the month. If personnel are deemed unaffected, they may be re-assigned to me no less than four months after their last rotation with me. Any affected personnel are to be given a Class C amnestic and transferred to a different site.
SCP-427 displays no means of self-locomotion or malicious intent at this time, and requires only minimal containment. Due to SCP-427's adverse effects, only medical staff of Class 3 or above may handle or utilize it.
All personnel using SCP-427 must record their total time using it in order to avoid unwanted mutations.
*Instances of SCP-427-1 (colloquially referred to as "Flesh Beasts") created by SCP-427 must be killed immediately as it is impossible to communicate with or experiment on them safely. For this reason instances of SCP-427-1 are classified as Keter.
SCP-428 is to be contained in a five (5) meter x five (5) meter x five (5) meter cell. The containment walls are to be electrified with 30,000 volts. Entrance to the cell is via a corridor airlock and access to SCP-428 is restricted to Level-3 researchers and below, while escorted by two armed guards. Personnel are to keep two (2) meters minimum away from SCP-428 at all times. When not under research, two armed guards are to be on duty at all times.
Due to SCP-428's effects, all D-class personnel are to be screened for low IQs and skills that are deemed non-threatening to Foundation security or potential escape attempts (See Addendum 428-A). A single D-Class personnel due for termination is to be offered once per month to keep SCP-428 satisfied, however this will result in the need for an increase in containment space or for a solution to keep SCP-428 neutralised in the future.
SCP-429 is to be kept in a standard type 3 hazardous object isolation vault. SCP-429 is not to be handled unless an attempt to operate it is to be made. Care must be taken to avoid inadvertently touching any of SCP-429's controls.
SCP-430 is to be kept in a humanoid containment cell on Site-17, placed on a wooden pallet or equivalent loose support at least 20cm above ground to prevent rusting. The cell containing SCP-430 is to be fitted with an adjustable table, a sand basin, a controllable two-position hook-conveyor system, and a master-slave control system as specified in Document 430-Gamma - construction details.
One cell adjacent to SCP-430 is to house a live D-Class subject, designated SCP-430-C, whose suitability was ensured by enacting Protocol Prometheus-11 prior to their internment. SCP-430-C is to be treated in accordance with Foundation Humanoid Containment Guidelines section NP-1. Suitable SCP-430-C candidates are nonviolent, introverted, and capable of carrying out simple tasks without supervision, with claustrophobia being a disqualifying factor.
Other cells adjacent to SCP-430 containment are to be designated long-term low-value item storage (see Site-17 floor plan section IJ-23). The set of cells adjacent to SCP-430 is designated SCP-430-3.
While SCP-430 contains a living subject, designated SCP-430-2, such SCP-430-2 is to be treated in accordance with Foundation Humanoid Containment Guidelines, section NP-5, except as following.

Routine medical examinations of SCP-430-2 are to take place weekly, rather than monthly.
SCP-430-2 is to be fitted with a heart rate monitor.
Due to restricted movement, SCP-430-2 is to be fed an individualized diet as per recommendations of a qualified member of Site-17 medical staff.
SCP-430-2 is to be administered daily doses of aspirin to prevent vein thrombosis. SCP-430-2 is to be encouraged to perform light exercise within the limits of SCP-430's allowance.
While no Foundation staff is present in the containment cell, SCP-430-2 is to have control of the table position, the lighting and the hook-conveyor system by means of the slave controller, unless deemed otherwise by staff of clearance 1/430 or higher. This controller is to be disabled from the main control panel prior to staff entering SCP-430 containment. SCP-430-2 is to be explained the functioning of the controls, and be ordered to transport their cell above the sand basin prior to urination or defecation.
The sand basin is to be cleaned daily.

In the case of SCP-430-2 expiring, as represented by the lack of signal from SCP-430-2 heart rate monitor coupled with visual confirmation, no personnel is to enter SCP-430-3 until visual feed confirms the presence of former SCP-430-C inside SCP-430; subsequently, the remains of previous SCP-430-2 are to be removed from SCP-430, and the new SCP-430-2 briefed.
Protocol Prometheus-11: Prior to being classified SCP-430-C, chosen D-class personnel is to sign a printed copy of the following document.
Note: Following Incident 430-1, personnel are to ensure SCP-430-C has signed the document with their own name. - Researcher Eisenberg

I hereby of my own will declare that I reject the divine mandate of our monarch,
holding them to no more esteem than the lowest of peasants,
for all men were born equal, and that I support and urge my countrymen to rise against feudal tyranny and
fight for freedom, brotherhood and equality.
Undersigned.

Backup copies of all Foundation documents are to be kept at Site-██. Any documents and/or photographs SCP-431 is found in are to be stored in the Site-██ local database and replaced with their backup copy. Any personnel who report recalling SCP-431 are to be immediately questioned. Office ██-25 is to be inspected daily for any new objects. Foundation archives are to be monitored for any changes or new documents regarding SCP-431.
SCP-432 is kept in a standard storage area at Sector-25, is to be kept locked at all times and the key to the lock kept in the adjacent security station under guard by three (3) Level 3 Personnel. No other special containment required.
SCP-434 is to be stored in a secured vault when not in use. SCP-434 is not to be utilised by individuals with a history of violent psychological issues or by humanoid SCPs. All individuals utilising or assembling SCP-434 are to have all weapons removed from their persons. A full security team is to be on standby during all uses of SCP-434 and all observations by psychological personnel are to be conducted from an isolated location.
SCP-435-1 is to be kept in a secure warehousing facility that constantly provides SCP-435-1 a minimum of 1000 lux illumination. Illumination must be provided by redundant lamps opeamine or test SCP-435-1, but research may only be conducted on SCP-435-1 with written O5 approval.
At ground level, a secure perimeter is to be kept for 50 km around SCP-435-2. A no-fly zone of 125 km is to be maintained in the airspace surrounding SCP-435-2. At least two Foundation aircraft and one mobile ground station are to monitor the size and position of SCP-435-2 at all times. Should monitoring detect any growth of SCP-435-2, or any motion of SCP-435-2 relative to SCP-435-1 for a period in excess of 90 seconds, observation teams are to initiate Contingency 435-XK-Alpha. No personnel are to approach within 100 meters of SCP-435-2, and Foundation security teams are authorized to take any action to prevent such contact. No research or testing is authorized on SCP-435-2 without explicit O5 direction.
SCP-436 must be closed at all times except for testing purposes. It is stored in a large, unlocked room to avoid misplacing the item. Personnel below Level 3 are not allowed to enter the room. Once per week, SCP-436 will be moved to a nearby identical chamber to allow the floor to be reconstructed.
A fenced perimeter has been established around SCP-437. Foundation horticulturists are to be kept on-site to monitor and care for SCP-437-A instances. Testing is prohibited pending review by the Ethics Committee.
MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to investigate all PoIs associated with SCP-437 and place them in Foundation custody along with their children.
SCP-438 is currently deployed in the field in the custody of Reconnaissance Team Kappa-6. Experimental proposals will not be considered at this time; however, SCP-438b may be available. See addendum.
Specimen is to be kept at Armed Research Site-45, Hazardous Lifeforms Wing, in a sealed, locked 38 L (10 gal) Type-G containment unit with connected oxygen supply. Specimen is to be fed through Feeding Tube 16a with Approved Nutritive Substance X-F. Handling is available to Level 2 personnel and higher.
As of 6/19/████, the majority of SCP-440 in existence is located in Site-██'s Large-Scale Wilderness Observation Dome (LSWOD). Standard LSWOD security protocols apply, and all observers and items placed inside the Dome are to be completely sanitized of SCP-440. The bottle in which SCP-440 was first discovered (hereafter referred to as SCP-440-Prime), is currently located in a security cabinet on Site-██.
SCP-441 is currently housed in a designated outdoor pasture at Bio-Research Area 32. The 100 m2 field is surrounded on all sides and bisected into two rectangular halves by a concrete wall 1 m high.
Once a month, a team of six D-class personnel is to lead SCP-441 from whichever half of the pasture it is currently residing in through the gate in the dividing wall into the other half of the pasture. The previously occupied section of the field is then to be thoroughly cleaned. The field must be carefully examined for any instances of SCP-441-1, which are to be dug out at the root and incinerated. Fresh sod must be sown in places where SCP-441 has grazed or where SCP-441-1 has been removed.
All personnel dealing with SCP-441 are to remain in proximity of less than twenty meters for no longer than thirty (30) minutes. Any personnel showing any health problems whatsoever after contact with SCP-441 are to be examined by medical staff and reassigned.
SCP-442 is to be kept away from its current owner in a secure container until being used for testing. The current owner must have a will leaving SCP-442 to a D-class personnel. The owner is granted a suspension of termination. Should the D-class listed in the current owner's will be terminated or otherwise invalidated for ownership of SCP-442, a new will is to be written at the next available opportunity.
Due to its nature and relative fragility, SCP-443 is kept in a locked drawer in Dr. Ziegler's office (Sector 28). Access to Level 1 personnel and higher is freely granted at the discretion of Dr. Ziegler, or his assistant, upon request, with limitation applied at their discretion. Due to wear, the original packaging is filed in the archives record as 6-██████. All drawn material is to be handed back to the person who authorized the use.
Instances of SCP-444 identified outside Foundation custody are to be isolated or destroyed with extreme prejudice. The Foundation's instances of SCP-444 are to be kept under Type A Hazardous documentation protocols. Translators are to have no more than 12 hours weekly access to SCP-444 and must undergo weekly linguistics and psychological examinations. Individuals compromised by SCP-444 are to be isolated and prevented from making vocalisations and are to be terminated unless they are required for testing protocols. Rapid Response Task Force Omicron-11, AKA "Burke's Boys", is to be used wherever possible due to the deaf nature of its members.
Access to and testing of SCP-445 must be approved by staff with level 2 security clearance or higher, and each request must include a list of tests to be carried out. Any testing must be done with the accompaniment of no less than two guards for the entirety of testing. Any deviation from the preapproved list of tests will result in immediate termination of testing and a severe reprimand.
Addendum: As of 06/██/20██, SCP-445 is to be kept permanently separated from all samples of SCP-445-α, as described in isolation protocol IP-445-01. The access and testing regulations given above for SCP-445 apply equally to SCP-445-α. For more details, see Document 445-01.
SCP-446 is to be kept locked in its case and only removed for testing. Any clothing and accessories must be removed from SCP-446 when not in use (see Incident 446-A).
SCP-447-1 is to be kept within a fifty-gallon clear plastic container at all times, monitored by camera by a Security Level 3 or higher staff member to prevent overflow. Area is to be maintained at Level 1 Clean Room status to prevent contamination by foreign matter at a site at least 10 km from any cemetery, morgue, or mortuary. Under no circumstances is SCP-447 to be allowed to come into contact with dead bodies.
Because SCP-447-1 constantly excretes a viscous greenish slime (designated SCP-447-2) at a rate of approximately 10 cc/hour, a Class D personnel in good physical condition is to be detailed to harvest the excreted slime at least once per day. SCP-447-2 can be harvested using any appropriate equipment, so long as safety procedures are carefully adhered to in order to prevent on-site fatalities. Slime can be transported in an ordinary sealed glass or plastic container through any standard mode of transportation, provided that there is no risk of the slime coming into contact with a dead body en route.
Although malodorous, the slime harvested from SCP-447-1 is nontoxic, noncorrosive, and nonradioactive. It is, in fact, perfectly safe so long as it does not come into contact with a dead body. The slime is edible, and reportedly makes a good salad dressing. Adding 10 cc of SCP-447-2 to one gallon of gasoline improves fuel efficiency by 150%. Furthermore, SCP-447-2 can be refined (see Appendix 447-C: Distillation Process) into a useful lubricant approved for use at all SCP Foundation installations, so long as said lubricant is never used to lubricate dead bodies.
All staff assigned to SCP-447 are to be screened by polygraph for any suicidal, necrophiliac, or homicidal tendencies. In addition, all staff assigned to SCP-447 must be in good health and good physical condition, and must adhere to on-site safety regulations at all times. This is to minimize the risk of SCP-447 or its generated slime coming into contact with a dead body.
SCP-448 is to be kept in a 3m x 3m x 3m room, decorated with colorful wallpaper, warm lighting, and several small children's toys scattered about. When not under observation, object is to be kept on its pedestal at all times. Room must be kept clean and in good condition. All personnel entering the room (clearance level 2 and above and only one at a time) for any reason are reminded to smile and keep a cheerful disposition while in the presence of SCP-448.
All instances of SCP-449 are to be stored in a standard containment vault outside of testing. To minimize additional production, between 3 and 5 kilograms of SCP-449-A will be available for testing in a low-risk chemical storage container. Excess SCP-449-A generated in testing of SCP-449 must be incinerated.
A network of D-Class spaced no closer than 1500 kilometers apart are to consume one grain of SCP-449-A per day to monitor for use of SCP-449. Should use by parties other than the Foundation be detected, agents are to follow the dragnet procedure outlined in Document 449-5 to locate and confiscate the SCP-449 instance.
SCP-450 is to be kept locked and secured at all times, except for monthly maintenance and cleaning as detailed below. Any civilians or personnel who enter SCP-450 at any other time are to be considered lost, and no rescue attempts are to be made.
Due to SCP-451's current state, physical containment is not feasible. Extensive study of Agent J████'s psychological profile has allowed researchers to provide him with a mental task in order to keep him at Site-19. A security detail of two guards must accompany SCP-451 at all times in order to prevent attempts to access or release other potentially dangerous objects contained on-site. Any research into SCP-451 should be restricted to determining ways to contain or communicate with him.
SCP-452 specimens are contained in a 5m by 5m isolation chamber at Site ██. Specimens should be fed live insects (preferably crickets or meal worms, but other harmless insects are viable) at least once a week, and regular observation should be maintained to ensure the health of the specimens. Personnel tasked with maintenance of SCP-452 should wear sealed suits at all times while inside SCP-452's containment.
Experimentation on SCP-452 may be performed with permission from at least one (1) level 4 personnel, provided all safety requirements and regulations are observed. Specimens taken out of primary containment should be kept inside the specially prepared portable terrariums designated for safe use with SCP-452. Exposure of personnel to the effects of SCP-452 should only be performed in isolation chambers for easy recovery of SCP-452 specimens after exposure.
SCP-453 is to be staffed by no fewer than: four (4) bartenders, six (6) bouncers, four (4) cleaners, one (1) doctor, four (4) EMTs, and two (2) observation personnel, all trained Foundation staff, at all times. Additionally, ten (10) or more Foundation security staff are to be kept on standby in the adjacent outbuilding 453-01, connected to SCP-453 by basement access. All staff are required to familiarise themselves with Document 453-1, Complete List of Known Scripts and memorise all Scripts that have been flagged by the current on-site supervisor (Dr. Moriglioni). Failure to memorise flagged Scripts is grounds for immediate discharge from SCP-453 duty, and will result in a formal demerit on the offending personnel's record.
SCP-453 is to be locked and guarded between the hours of 0400 and 2000, local time; from 2000-0400 it is to be unlocked and open. Anyone entering the club during operating hours will have a radio tracking tag clipped to his or her clothing, and will remain monitored closely by closed-circuit cameras at all times.
During the day, SCP-453 is to be inspected and measured in all dimensions by staff. Any movement of fixed objects in the building are to be recorded and reported to head researcher Dr. Moriglioni. Fire prevention and violence suppression protocols are to be kept in accordance with Standing Order 405-991 section T; should movement of fixed internal structures violate this protocol, renovation crews are to be recruited to the site immediately for restructuring.
SCP-454 should be kept in a plastic bag with a thin piece of acid-free cardstock. This can then be contained with standard procedures and minimal security. There is no need for psychological containment.
Object SCP-455 cannot be moved nor contained in any structure. Containment must be made on site. No exploration or testing is to be made on or in SCP-455. No personnel are to remain in close proximity for more than five minutes. All physical contact with SCP-455 is forbidden; any personnel breaking this order are to be quarantined.
Any hallucinations experienced near SCP-455 are to be recorded and logged. Any personnel experiencing hallucinations are to be transferred. Any personnel attempting to enter SCP-455 are to be restrained by any means deemed necessary.
The SCP-456 colony is to be kept in a sealed containment room. Personnel entering the containment area should wear Level 1 biohazard suits to avoid being bitten by SCP-456, and the suits must be treated with insecticide upon leaving the enclosure. When not being used in experiments, SCP-456 must be fed 70 ml of human or animal blood per 100 insects, weekly.
SCP-457 is to be kept in a 5m x 5m chamber with no less than 22.9cm (9in) of cumulative fireproofing via various materials (asbestos cement, perlite boards) upon all surfaces and a blast-proof observation window with emergency blast shielding installed. The opening to the chamber must consist of at least two temperature-controlled and airtight chambers that may be sealed in case of emergency. SCP-457's chamber should be kept at high humidity with a drainage system installed in the floor, as well as a misting sprinkler system installed and running constantly, and emergency hoses capable of at least 2.1 MPa (300 psi) of water pressure. SCP-457 is allowed a small structure upon the wall of its chamber that remains water-free, but only allows for minimal protection and preservation of form.
All personnel entering SCP-457's chamber should be wearing at least Class-A temperature-controlled, flame-retardant sealed suits, and enter in groups of three, with two members equipped with high-grade blast shields and emergency fire extinguishers. Personnel should only enter SCP-457's chamber in order to supply SCP-457 with its daily allotment of fuel material, or to examine and repair any damage to the chamber or sprinkler systems.
Should SCP-457 engage personnel in a hostile manner, it is to be controlled via emergency extinguishers and hoses until it retreats back to its safe chamber.
In the event that SCP-457 breaks containment, emergency sprinkler systems will be triggered and personnel will be supplied with extinguishers and blast shielding.
SCP-458 is considered safe and therefore is to be stored in the staff canteen at Site 17, with no access restrictions required.
SCP-459 is to be kept unpowered in a standard security locker. The access code is to be changed bi-weekly and known to level 3 and higher personnel. Removal for testing purposes must be requested at least one week in advance, and approved by a level 4 personnel. As of 04/15/20██, testing has been indefinitely suspended. Proposals for use should be directed to O5-level personnel.
SCP-460 is to be tracked and observed by Mobile Task Force Mu-13, while containing any serious incidents as they occur. All relevant information is to be transmitted, encrypted, and backed up at Site 19. During any major ectoplasmic event, all personnel are to evacuate a minimum of 5 miles from SCP-460’s current location.
SCP-461 is to be kept in a locked room without windows and its display faced away from the door. The door must be guarded by one Level 3 security personnel whose presence is monitored via security cameras. A Level 2 security rating is required to enter the room. No one is allowed entry from 0300 to 0305 GMT until further notice.
SCP-462 is stored in a temperature- and humidity-controlled vault at Site ██. Under no circumstances are Class-D personnel to be allowed near the object. Despite its state of disrepair, SCP-462 does not show any signs of further deterioration due to rust.
SCP-463 is to be maintained in the small glass display case within its containment cell at Site-██. If SCP-463 must be transported from its current location, it should be transported in its display case, or some other container. At no time should any Foundation researchers come into direct physical contact with SCP-463. Following the incident of █/██/██, personnel are strongly discouraged from bringing food of any sort into SCP-463's cell.
Site 53 consists of a warehouse that has been built around SCP-464. The intervening space between the walls of the warehouse and SCP-464 is equipped with motion sensors and stationary cameras. Site 53 is staffed by a rotating complement of seven guards. Unclothed beings sighted inside the warehouse are to be shot on sight, and unauthorized clothed people to be detained for questioning and physical examination.
SCP-465 is secured in containment locker 8423 at Site-19. Under no circumstances is SCP-465 to be opened by any personnel ranking above class D, and then only in a space at least 15 square meters in area. No other special attention or care is required.
SCP-466 is locked in a 5 meter by 5 meter by 5 meter room. SCP-466 is to be fed five times a day through a one-way slot in the steel door, with low-iron meals of mass below 0.1 kg. The key to the door is accessible only to Level 3 or higher personnel.
SCP-467 is currently located at Site ██, and is guarded by a single security personnel, changed daily. Although SCP-467 has no true anomalous lasting effects, the information it reveals can leave people with lasting effects of their own. While SCP-467 is being studied or moved, all involved personnel must have no cell phones, pagers, or other communication devices on them without clearance for testing.
A buffer area of one kilometer is to be maintained around SCP-468-2. Individuals found inside upon initial Foundation acquisition may only exit with the permission of the overseeing Level 4 researcher. All Foundation personnel entering for purposes of observation must exit two hours after entrance.
SCP-468-1 is not to be moved from SCP-468-2. It is to be contained within a standard locked containment unit. One video camera inside the unit is to monitor SCP-468-1's movement. The unlocking combination is held by the overseeing Level 4 researcher.
Subject is to be kept in an airtight, soundproof containment chamber, 15.24m x 15.24m x 15.24m (50ft x 50ft x 50ft) until a viable termination method is available. All personnel who enter SCP-469’s chamber (Class D Only) must wear standard Sound-Proofing Anti-Resonance (SPAR) suits at all times while inside the chamber, and communicate only through written notes, hand gestures or text messaging. Absolutely no-one is to touch or even approach the subject with anything other than probing instruments.
All equipment taken into SCP-469’s containment chamber must make as little noise as possible, or none at all. Cell phones are permitted for communication between personnel as long as they are muted.
No items or personnel are to enter or exit SCP-470 or the external containment area without approval by Site Command. Anything entering SCP-470 must be examined both before and after contact. Anything exiting SCP-470 is to be contained and examined, resistance by any items or staff to this process may be overcome by whatever means deemed necessary by Site Command.
Any staff entering SCP-470 must be equipped with a long-range GPS tracking bug. Staff entering SCP-470 are to remain in groups of no less then twenty (20) at all times. Should staff become separated, [DATA EXPUNGED], or any combination thereof, they are to immediately exit SCP-470.
Staff or equipment lost within SCP-470 are to be declared “missing” 48 hours after loss of GPS contact. Staff or equipment located after disappearance of GPS contact are to be recovered whenever possible. Should the GPS beacon [DATA EXPUNGED]


Area recorded on ██/██/████. Manifested for three weeks, before shifting with Recon Team B-11. Team listed as "MIA"


Methods of containing SCP-471 are currently being investigated. Primary goal of containment is to block the non-terrestrial transmissions emanating from it, with a secondary goal of acquiring and studying SCP-471 itself. MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers") is currently tasked with blocking SCP-471's transmissions.
Observation Probe Delta-2 is currently in an elliptical orbit around Earth that allows it to regularly intersect the signal emanating from SCP-471. It is responsible for observing and reporting this signal each time it intersects. Delta-2 also possesses boosters capable of keeping it within the signal for extended periods of time for the purposes of testing or to monitor a significant deviation in SCP-471's signal.
SCP-472 is to be kept in the center of an empty, locked cell measuring 37m x 37m (122 x 122 feet). All personnel wishing to enter for research purposes must undergo a psychological evaluation and submit a research request before being permitted entry. Personnel should not remain within 18 m (60 ft) of the stone for more than five (5) minutes without being directly monitored by security personnel.
Update 472-001: No personnel exposed to SCP-472 through stage 6 of its effects may be allowed more than four (4) consecutive minutes of further exposure without direct approval of Site Command.
Update 472-002: Once every sixty (60) days, one D-Class personnel must be exposed to SCP-472 for a period of between ten (10) and twenty-seven (27) minutes.
Update 472-003: Due to biomass loss, no personnel may be exposed to SCP-472 more than once in a 48-hour period without explicit approval by Dr. A. Jones.
A 5 kilometer area surrounding SCP-473 is off limits to all personnel. Human testing in this range is prohibited without O-5 approval. Above all, loss of human life within this 5 kilometer area must be prevented. A further 20 kilometer distance is to be secured by no less than two Foundation combat units at all times. Any unauthorized vessels entering this area are to be sunk and their crew eliminated. Vessels approaching the site but remaining outside of the 20 kilometer kill zone may be boarded and turned away with the use of Class-A amnestics.
Portions of SCP-474 which exist inside of physical space are secured within Foundation-made pill bottles. Bottles are stored inside a locked medicine cabinet, itself located within an anomaly storage vault. All non-hazardous recordings of SCP-474 audio are on the research team's shared hard drive space, with any cognitohazardous audio being stored on a secure server with restricted access.
Foundation personnel embedded in educational systems are to encourage zero-tolerance drug policies on college campuses in order to maximize the possibility of SCP-474 instances being discovered. Agents under the cover of being law enforcement agencies are to seize these whenever possible, and destroy them if deemed unrecoverable.
SCP-475 is to be kept in a watertight containment locker in Storage Unit 45-C of Site-36. All testing with para-religions requires permission from the Site Director.
To prevent religious Groups of Interest from learning of the object's existence, knowledge of SCP-475 is to follow Level III Infosecurity Protocol.
SCP-476 is to be kept in a standard precious item locker. During experiments, a level-2 clearance personnel must be present at all times to avoid the item being used to escape. A list of locations that are to be monitored on a regular basis is found in document 476-██.
SCP-477 is enclosed in a climate-controlled structure designated Site-44. The building is constructed exclusively of metal and wood, with no stone or concrete materials. Outwardly it appears to be the machinery storage warehouse for a defunct quarry, but it contains numerous labs dedicated to the study and containment of SCP-477. No sedimentary stone or concrete items may be removed from the containment complex unless they are crushed and mixed into an acidic slurry to dissolve all remaining fossil material.
Incidences of SCP-477 appearing outside Site-44 must be appropriated immediately and returned to the complex, or disposed of by complete pulverization and acidic treatment of their host substrate.
Instances of SCP-478 are to be surgically recovered whole from victims before death. After recovery, they are to be kept in specialized vacuum-sealed lockers within Bio-Site 66. Instances of SCP-478 do not seem to be able to pass through solid matter, and thus may be held indefinitely unless damaged.
Mildly affected victims may be treated in a normal civilian medical establishment by Foundation surgeons under the guise of orthodontic surgery. General sedation is to be administered, as per normal surgery.
Severely-affected victims of SCP-478 are to be recovered by the nearest Foundation establishment and subsequently moved to Bio-Site 16 for study.
Because of SCP-478’s unique structure, infected individuals are not to be terminated prematurely. Victims deemed capable of full recovery may be treated for infection and released, as above. Survivors are to be administered a Class-B Amnesiac and false memories are to be planted. Victims deemed unsalvageable may be terminated.
A Site 14 standard 2mm CR4 double skin steel plate security door (UNI 9569 Class 3) with full gasket seal is installed on either end of Hallway 4. Both doors are to be kept locked, and keys retained by the ETHB on duty. D-class personnel authorized to enter for the purposes of surveying and research. Hallway 4 is no longer authorized as a thoroughfare between the D-class laundry and plant room.
Sweeps of Site 14 looking for similar phenomena will continue to supplement regular security sweeps until further notice.
Site-415, located 142 km SSW of ██████, Wyoming, United States, has been constructed at the location of SCP-480's recovery, and is to be used exclusively for its containment. SCP-480 is to be monitored constantly for indicator signs of an impending fluctuation event.
SCP-480 is contained in a Type-3 standard observation chamber retrofitted with an early-warning system consisting of a spectrum of electromagnetic radiation sensors. Work stations and research staff are to be situated a minimum distance of 25m from the observed center of SCP-480. In the event of a likely significant expansion of the area of SCP-480, a D-Class subject is to be immediately prepared and secured in the observation antechamber located next to the primary containment unit.
Addendum 28-MIKE: To address concerns raised by research staff, a memetic pass-phrase system has been instituted to confirm that personnel are not currently under the effects of SCP-480. All personnel completing a shift at Site-415 must undergo memetic reality confirmation protocols prior to being signed out.
SCP-481 is currently contained in Sector-25, in a specially designed dormitory for the affected subjects. The dormitory is built to modified D-class specifications, with space for two (2) occupants at this point, based on the spread of the scar tissue. Besides the standard sleeping quarters, there is a living space for each accessible through an outer isolation room.
Subjects are allowed written and recorded entertainment that is available from local sources and does not violate containment procedures. No excessive funds are to be spent on this. Subjects are allowed visits to the outer facility and external walled gardens for no more than three (3) hours per day, supervised by two (2) Level 2 Security personnel. Cameras are installed in the dormitories, and are to be monitored by one (1) Level 2 Security personnel at all times. Subjects should not be prevented from self-harm, except for in cases of corresponding large scale violence in ████████. Full-body restraints are authorized in this case, under the supervision of a trained medical team.
SCP-482 was recovered during an experiment being conducted by Dr. Bright at ████████. After initial containment, SCP-482 was turned over to Dr. ██████ for documentation and analysis. Dr. Bright and Dr. ██████ are to be notified immediately should there be any changes to SCP-482 or any duplicates found.
While it is not being tested, SCP-482 is to be stored in Containment Locker ██, located at Site-██. Access to the locker is restricted to Level 2 Personnel and above; such access (and all activities thereafter) are to be logged and recorded within 24 hours of completion. The maximum time limit for testing of SCP-482 is 1 hour after mutations manifest; all subjects who have reached or exceeded this point while in contact with SCP-482 are to be immediately terminated. Before autopsy and disposal SCP-482 is to be recovered first and separated from the subject’s body; localized thermal cleansing protocol is then to be performed on the body after autopsy and any biological samples or personnel deemed contaminated by the test subject.
SCP-483 needs no special containment, other than to prevent use outside of authorized testing. SCP-483-1 is not to be administered to subjects for whom there exist living humans outside the Foundation who are significantly acquainted with the subject and aware of the subject's age. Under no circumstances is SCP-483-1 to be administered to those known by Overseers. If SCP-483-1 is to be administered to a subject in a quantity in excess of their original age (see Addendum 483-b), all documents detailing and suggesting the test should exclude any and all information about the subject in question, especially the proposed original age to be tested; information recorded from and for these tests should not be taken from the subject directly, but rather from a clone of the subject created using SCP-222 (using a double-blind procedure), until all tablets designated for the test have been successfully administered. In cases where the subject is an SCP-222 clone created for this test (the recommended procedure), the original may be used for initial records.
All samples of SCP-484 reserved for testing must be secured in Pharmaceutical Locker AG-██. This testing pool should include at least twenty (20) doses of any particular form of SCP-484 or fifty percent (50%) if fewer samples exist. All other samples are currently stored in Secure Storage Room 112-█. All personnel of clearance Level 3 and below must have written authorization from a Level 4 staff member to access SCP-484. Any staff member currently researching SCP-484 may not interact with any O5 personnel until the conclusion of their research and a thorough toxicology screening and search of their office space and home. If any staff member, of any security level, is found to have appropriated SCP-484 without authorization or outside experimental parameters, they are to be reprimanded and reassigned, with the stolen SCP-484 returned to containment.
SCP-485 is to be kept in a locked safe-deposit box at all times with the key to be kept in a secure location.
SCP-486 is confined at Site-17 in a two room cell, which may be furnished as the subject requests, provided it does not violate standard SCP procedures. The cell walls and floor should be padded and carpeted. SCP-486 must wear a cut-resistant safety glove at all times, although temporary removal for the purpose of hygiene is permitted. SCP-486 has displayed no extraordinary physical ability or attempts to escape. Nevertheless, the subject should be guarded at all hours by any two Level-1 security personnel. Should SCP-486 engage in self-destructive behavior, personnel on duty are to restrain and sedate the subject. If the subject manages to cause injury to herself while still unrestrained, personnel are to exit and lock the cell before contacting assistance.
SCP-487 is to be surrounded by an 8.05km (5mi) buffer zone purchased by the Foundation under the guise of a private ranch. The perimeter of the buffer zone is to be patrolled by Level 2 security personnel under orders to terminate unauthorized intruders on sight. The perimeter security forces are also under orders not to enter the buffer zone under any circumstances. In the event of a perimeter breach, Level 3 personnel within the buffer zone must be immediately notified.
Access to SCP-487 is only permitted to staff with a security clearance of Level 3 or higher. While within SCP-487, all personnel are strictly forbidden to move any item, unless they are under orders to do so or if it is part of a current experiment. Any unauthorized change in the position of any of the items within SCP-487 must be immediately logged and all personnel within SCP-487 must follow standard evacuation procedures.
Should containment protocols be compromised, any surviving Level 4 personnel are authorized to engage the containment failsafe. This will consist of demolition charges planted outside of SCP-487.
Due to the small size of objects leaving SCP-488-1, suppression of public dissemination of knowledge regarding SCP-488 is sufficient for containment in the foreseeable future.
SCP-488-2 is housed in a reinforced bunker at a depth of 50 m near the military proving ground at [REDACTED]. Triple-redundant seismic sensors are in place to record meteorite impacts in the vicinity, and must be tested daily for functionality.
In the case of impact of meteorites above 0.5 m in diameter, the structural integrity of the bunker must be inspected, and SCP-488-2 moved to a backup bunker located 500 m to the south via underground tunnel if repairs are necessary.
SCP-489 is held in a containment unit at Site-113. To prevent personnel accidentally bringing insect life into SCP-489's cell, a shower room has been established outside of the containment cell; personnel will change into the clothes provided to them after cleaning. Testing with SCP-489 is limited to indoor spaces.
Due to the potential of containment breach and site damage, at no point may insectile based anomalies, including instances of SCP-831, be stored at Site-113.
SCP-490 is to be maintained in Storage Garage 17-Golf. Garage 17-Golf has been heavily soundproofed, its door replaced with a soundproofed door with an interior code-lock. SCP-490 is to have all four wheels disabled through standard parking boots and is to be kept chained at all times to four molybdenum eyebolts, sunk a minimum of three (3) meters into a solid concrete floor.
A one-kilometer perimeter is to be maintained around SCP-491 at all times, for the purpose of preventing sea vessels access to the effects of SCP-491. Entrance is to be barred to all personnel with a security clearance below Level Two. Any intruders are to be questioned to ascertain their intent, then given Class-B amnestics and released no less than twenty kilometers from SCP-491.
No special containment procedures are required for SCP-492. SCP-492 can be kept in standard on-site living quarters. Requests by SCP-492 that are within the site's capability, short of violating containment protocols, may be granted. In the event that SCP-492 should become hostile, incendiary devices hidden in its living quarters may be used to neutralize the threat.
Currently, due to its involvement in several other SCP projects, SCP-492 has Level 1 security clearance, but must be accompanied by at least one security guard at all times when outside its quarters. SCP-492 has also agreed to have a standard tracking device sewed into its "skin" so that its movements may be monitored at all times.
Instances of SCP-493 are to be kept in separate standard personnel-grade rooms with basic furnishings for a human-like SCP. Individual SCP-493 may request additional furnishings provided the request does not violate restrictions specific to that individual. Additions must be approved on a case by case basis by Level 4 personnel. SCP-493-02 and SCP-493-03 have been allowed to continue their work as Level 2 personnel; however they are not to be assigned to high risk areas in order to prevent premature duplication.
Each instance of SCP-493 is to be marked with a tattoo of their designation number on their upper right arm to prevent any confusion between the otherwise similar appearance of each individual.
SCP-494 does not require any special containment procedures, other than being kept under lock and key in Storage Bunker ██ at Site ██. Level 2 clearance and written permission from a Level 4 or higher researcher is required for testing procedures regarding SCP-494.
SCP-495 is to be kept in a locked room, plugged into a standard, active 120-volt power outlet when not in use. A life-sized mold of a clam, oyster, or other species of sessile bivalve1 is to be stored within SCP-495; the mold is to contain no more than 100 (one hundred) grams of wax.
In the event of a power failure, at least one Level 1 security personnel must enter the storage room and monitor the item for activity until power is restored. Researchers wishing to use SCP-495 must submit a written description of the planned experiment to Dr. ███████. Due to the results of Experiment SCP-495-██, all molds and materials must be approved by at least one Level 3 or higher personnel before use with SCP-495. At least one personnel with experience treating venomous bites and stings must be available on standby while SCP-495 is in use.
SCP-496 is to be held in an aquatic containment unit located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The containment unit is to be flooded with seawater matching or as close as possible, to the mixture from the area of which it was recovered. Personnel are also to resupply nutrients to the water every 2 weeks via the filter system to keep the biological component of SCP-496 nourished. Personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher are to be denied any direct access to SCP-496's containment unit. Level 1 personnel who work directly with SCP-496 must submit to weekly psychological evaluations during and for 2 months after the period of contact.
SCP-497 is to be kept in a secure soundproofed room under continuous observation by standard security cameras. One guard and two medical personnel equipped with high-grade earplugs are to be posted at the door of the containment chamber at all times. Only cleared personnel are permitted to handle SCP-497.
If SCP-497 materializes a body, medical personnel are to evaluate the subject's health and notify security. If still viable, the subject shall be escorted to a medical ward to be processed. Dead or terminal subjects are to be analyzed and then disposed of according to standard procedure.
SCP-498 is to be contained within a sound-proof bunker beneath Site ██, with a minimum of two attending Foundation Security Officers, properly equipped with noise-canceling headphones in addition to standard-issue equipment. The bunker is to be sound-proofed to noise-cancel a minimum of 95% of outgoing sound waves.
A fully automated mechanical arm is to be used to reset SCP-498. Secondary Containment Procedure: In the event of failure, two D-Class personnel are to be locked inside with an appropriate amount of rations. They are to be informed fully of its effects and to alternate shifts sleeping and resetting SCP-498 until the failure is repaired. Security footage sans audio of the chamber is to be monitored at all times. Following Incident I498-B, in the event of failure an on-site Foundation Security Officer is to be sent in to manually reset until such a time automated safety procedures can be reinstated.
SCP-499 is to be contained within a circular containment unit, measuring 60 meters in diameter, with a shallow trench measuring 110cm around the perimeter to contain SCP-499-2. The chamber is not to be entered during daylight hours except in cases of extreme emergency. If the chamber must be entered, personnel are to wear a Grade C Heat Hazard Suit and appropriate eye protection.
Food, water, and medication are to be supplied in appropriate amounts (as according to Document 499-CE) during nighttime hours. All loose items in the chamber are to be removed before sunrise. Under no circumstances is SCP-499’s daytime behavior to be interrupted.
SCP-500 must be stored in a cool and dry place away from bright light. SCP-500 is only allowed to be accessed by personnel with level 4 security clearance to prevent misapplication.
SCP-501 is kept in a securely locked opaque safe in a cell 5m x 5m x 5m in Site 3. The cell is guarded by two level 2 security guards who undergo daily psychological evaluations. The interior of the cell must also be monitored at all times by no fewer than two (2) security cameras, with a separate guard observing the monitor for each camera. These cameras must be connected to a backup generator so they will continue functioning in the event of a blackout. All requests for experiments must be cleared by at least three Overseers. Any personnel attempting to gain unauthorized access to SCP-501's containment cell will be either detained for psychological evaluation or terminated, depending on clearance level.
SCP-502 is to be secured in a keypad locked steel fire cabinet in the medical suites at ██████. The key code is to be changed on a bi-weekly basis for security reasons. Senior medical staff on site will have knowledge of the key code, as will at least three other on site personnel of Level 3 or higher clearance.
SCP-503 is to be kept within a secure holding cell at all times. No fewer than four (4) security cameras must be positioned within the cell. SCP-503 must be under constant observation. Any strange movements or attempts to obscure the view of the cameras must be treated as a full-scale emergency. Any researchers studying SCP-503 must be searched for dangerous objects before entering its cell. The cell must be searched daily for any potentially dangerous objects.
Note on procedures: The searches are not optional. I don’t care if you think they’re a waste of time. I refer anyone who thinks otherwise to Incident Report 503-B. — Dr. ████
All seeds, plants, fruit, crossbreeds, and other products of SCP-504 are to be classified as SCP-504. SCP-504 seeds need no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Grown SCP-504 plants and their fruit should be kept in soundproof rooms. Guards and researchers assigned to maturing or growing SCP-504 are to be equipped with radio-enabled masks which insulate non-transmitted sound, and are to be instructed to avoid attempts at humor.
SCP-505 is contained in a 50 m x 40 m x 10 m room at Site-██. SCP-505's containment area is to be sealed other than one secure airlock and a series of pipes allowing transport of SCP-505-1 to storage tanks in the event of SCP-505-1 reaching levels in which it poses a danger to containment. Sprayers for 4 M NaOH are to be available through SCP-505's containment area and the rest of Site-██ to combat a containment breach. In the event of a spill of SCP-505-1, the affected area should immediately be covered with an absorbent material (commercial blotting paper is currently standard for this purpose) and doused with alcohol or acetone if NaOH is not immediately available. NaOH immersion is the method of choice for SCP-505-1 containment, followed by incineration of affected material if practicable.
There are currently ██ instances of SCP-505-1 points of secondary contamination outside SCP-505's primary containment area. Containment in these areas is variable but efforts have been made to make procedures as similar to those of the primary site if possible. Of these secondary contamination zones, █ are unable to be fully contained at this time resulting in the spread of SCP-505-1 throughout the environment. These sites are to be monitored at all times and countermeasure development is of the highest priority. For a complete list of SCP-505-1 secondary containment sites, see Document 505-14A-███.
SCP-506 grows in a 3 m x 3 m patch of soil, kept watered and fertilized via an automatic system. The air of the room where SCP-506 is kept must be filtered to prevent release of SCP-506 seeds into the environment. Personnel entering the enclosure must wear biohazard suits composed of inorganic material, and must be decontaminated upon leaving the area.
Due to the potential dangers associated with cross-contamination, SCP-506 and SCP-124 are not to be stored at the same Foundation site under any circumstances.
SCP-507 is allowed free roam of the facility, obviously barring anything that would breach security or safety protocols. Any time SCP-507 leaves its private quarters it must be accompanied by an agent, mostly at this point to make sure that it does not “shift” without the facility’s knowledge. SCP-507 should not be physically touched if there have been more than two weeks since its last “shift”; the risks inherent in disobeying this protocol make the action its own punishment, should the issue of disciplinary measures ever come up.
When SCP-507 undergoes a shift, faculty will be informed to keep an eye out for its eventual reappearance. It also has a tracking device implanted into it, and a daily signal check should verify whether or not SCP-507 has returned from its trip. If it reappears in or nearby the facility, SCP-507 will return to its quarters on its own; otherwise, a retrieval team of three plainclothes agents may be sent to provide transportation back. Upon successful return, SCP-507 can be the subject of various physical tests up until two weeks after each shift.
It is worth noting that SCP-507 is allowed a computer with an Internet connection (via a proxy which strictly limits what information can be uploaded, and to where) in its room, and may petition to use/meet with/act as a test subject for Safe or Euclid SCPs that do not affect mental functions negatively or carry an infectious trait. This is a result of SCP-507's persistently clean record, and the implication that if SCP-507 was ever going to be a security leak it would have used its faux-teleportation powers to do so already. It is also worth considering that SCP-507 is actually below-average in most physical traits, and that in even worst case scenarios any SCP agent should be more than capable of carrying out a termination order.
SCP-508 requires no special containment procedures so long as it is kept out of direct view of any SCP staff. At least ██% of SCP-508 must remain covered except when actively being tested. It is currently kept in a small closet, with no windows or ventilation. The door is to be kept securely locked at all times.
If SCP-508 is to be tested, it may be sealed in an opaque container and transported to any environmentally-sealed testing room available. Due to the potential risk resulting from its secondary effect, the room is to be sealed using positive pressure and sanitized using ██████ when the test is complete. Unless there is a strong need to preserve the test subject, they, also, should be sanitized using ██████-██; in the event that the subject must be retained, they should be held in quarantine for a period of no less than ███ days.
SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B are both to be contained on-site, due to their immobility. Each is to be cordoned off, and any members of the public turned away. Outside of research and maintenance purposes, no humans or pigs, living or dead, are to be allowed into either structure. Personnel may safely enter and leave SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B within four minutes of activation and while inactive.
After testing, any living humans recovered from SCP-509-B are to be trained as Level 0 personnel and assigned to minimal security positions. Personnel are cautioned that smoke inhalation from SCP-509-A poses a health hazard, and are advised to wear particulate respirators during and immediately after testing.
Instances of SCP-510 are to be treated as a Level 1 infective substance, and are not to be handled by anyone not in contained-atmosphere Haz-Mat (CAHM) suits. Any staff interacting with SCP-510 must be monitored for one month after interaction. Infestation by SCP-510 will be met with immediate quarantine and sterilization of the surrounding area.
Containment units must have air-tight seals on any and all possible access points. Staff access is to be provided by a dual airlock, with chemical showers at each stage. Robotic surrogates are to be used whenever possible for SCP-510 interaction, and all materials interacting with SCP-510 are to be sterilized and quarantined for one month after interaction. Seals are to be checked and repaired weekly.
Any staff observed expressing elevated levels of fatigue, sleepiness, or exhaustion are to be quarantined and tested for infestation. In the event of multi-subject infestation, site-wide lockdown will be initiated.
When an instance of SCP-511 is identified, the affected residence shall be quarantined and will receive the next sequential site designation.
Excepting one main entrance, sites hosting SCP-511 will have all points of possible entry or exit permanently sealed with appropriate building materials. The main entrance will remain locked at all times. Entry is permitted to Foundation personnel with written authorization from Level 3 or higher. All SCP-511 sites will be equipped with remote monitoring equipment allowing for 24 hour surveillance and a continual tracking of the numbers of SCP-511-1 inhabiting the site.
At all times one (1) Class D personnel will be resident in the site. Personnel with this assignment are exempted from monthly termination for the duration of assignment. Candidates for this assignment shall be exclusively drawn from a population of post-menopausal women with a global Clinical Dementia Rating of 2 or greater. (Note: due to the exclusive nature of this population, O5-█ has approved recruiting from local hospice and/or nursing homes if necessary. Ref: Incident I-511-11)
The population of SCP-511-1 within a site must remain within an optimal range of 50 to ███ individuals. Below this range, adult Felis domesticus should be introduced to the site to increase population to minimum levels. If population exceeds ███ individuals, it must be culled immediately. Any SCP-511-1 found outside the containment site shall be euthanized and the remains incinerated.
Any biological material leaving the containment site for testing will be handled in accordance with standard protocols for a level 4 biohazard. All specimens are incinerated after testing is complete. Before coming in contact with any material from the containment site, personnel must be inoculated for Influenza, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, ████████ █, Tetanus, Tick-borne encephalitis, and ███████ ██████. Full medical workups are mandatory on a bi-weekly basis for personnel working with SCP-511.
SCP-512 is held within the Site-77 Safe object repository. It is to be shut at all times, and testing during adverse weather conditions is forbidden. All outdoor testing proposals must be reviewed by Security Chief Anderson.
SCP-513 is to be suspended in a one cubic meter block of gelatin and contained within a soundproofed, climate-controlled cell. The gelatin must be inspected daily for any degradation or loss of integrity. An emergency inspection will be carried out immediately following any earthquake, explosion, or sonic event grade 2 or higher. Personnel performing the inspection are to wear earplugs and active noise-canceling earmuffs at all times while inside SCP-513’s cell.
If the gelatin cube shows any signs of degradation (such as rips, tears, splits, liquefaction, or mold), SCP-513 is to be immediately removed and suspended within a replacement cube by a team of surgically deafened Class-D personnel. No other personnel are to enter the cell during this procedure.
Any sentient beings exposed to SCP-513 are to be monitored by at least two security personnel at all times. Under absolutely no circumstances may exposure victims be administered sedatives or allowed to fall unconscious. Any victim who does fall unconscious is to be terminated immediately.
Class-D personnel are to be terminated at the first sign of mental degradation. All other exposure victims may be terminated at their request.
If possible, SCP-513-1 is to be apprehended on sight.
There is currently no permanent containment site for SCP-514 (See Addendum 2). SCP-514 is currently being tracked by Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 (aka "Birdwatchers"), who are under orders to observe SCP-514. In the event that SCP-514 strays near a densely populated area or an area where its presence will be easily noticed, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 is authorized to use the █████████1 in order to manipulate SCP-514's migration patterns.
Access to SCP-514 and the █████████ is restricted to Mobile Task Force Lambda-4. Level 4 personnel may also have access, but must have O5 level approval beforehand. Any experiments and weapons tests with SCP-514 must be performed exclusively at the Foundation Advanced Weapons Research Facility.
In the event that SCP-514 risks public exposure or capture by rival groups, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 is authorized to terminate the threat by any means necessary. It is highly recommended that such threats be terminated before they reach SCP-514's "zone of influence", though this is not strictly necessary.
SCP-515 is to be kept entirely manacled to his sleeping quarters to the point of near-total immobility. If SCP-515's enclosure is seen to be empty, top priority must be placed on immediate recapture. Locomotion or simple twitch-response behavior exhibited by SCP-515 is to be noted and reported to research and emergency staff.
If SCP-515's legs or arms are in working order, they must be broken immediately to minimize his sleepwalking speed in the event of escape [see Addendum 515-01]; the neck, however, cannot be broken, due to the risk of death [see Addendum 515-02]. Instead, it must be held immobile by a brace covering up to the chin and down to the shoulders. Amputation and severing the motor nerves of the limbs are also not recommended, due to similar risks, and all muscle relaxants tested thus far have resulted in convulsive reactions and as such should not be administered. Restraints are not to be unfastened at any time for any reason, and the room is not to be opened for anything but standard research purposes unless emergency conditions require it. Maintenance crews and D-class are also to be kept away from the enclosure unless otherwise noted.
SCP-516 may be kept in an Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay. Routine vehicle maintenance should be carried out on a bi-weekly basis. SCP-516 is not to be provided with fuel or ammunition except under controlled testing circumstances. Following Incident 516-1A, no personnel with a history of military service should be assigned to SCP-516.
SCP-517 is to be kept secured within Containment Locker 51164 in Site-66, facing away from the doorway. A thick sheet is to be draped over the item at all times. Testing is currently prohibited, as the nature of the manifestation invariably causes a low-level containment breach. If SCP-517-01 is triggered, personnel are instructed to report to their immediate superior to enact Protocol 517-001.
As of Incident 517-1997-M, SCP-517 is to be kept in a dedicated cell at all times. An opaque black sheet is to be kept bound around the object at all times. As of 08/25/1997 ██/██/2002, no more testing is to be conducted on SCP-517 without Site Director's approval.
SCP-518 is to be monitored by a field research team consisting of at least three staff and one project lead, supplemented by two security staff. This team shall be based at Remote Observation Site-18, 3 km from SCP-518. An automated security perimeter surrounding SCP-518 is to be established and maintained.
One physical copy of SCP-518-1 is authorized to exist at any given time for the purposes of research. This copy is to be kept at all times in an opaque, protective sleeve, sealed in a locked container and kept in Storage Locker 742 in Restricted Access Wing 1 of Site-93. One electronic copy is permitted to be accessible from authorized terminals at Site-93 and Remote Observation Site-18. Any unauthorized instances of SCP-518-1 discovered by Foundation personnel are to be destroyed immediately.
SCP-519 is to be kept in a standard storing room 5x5 m in size. It must not be connected to a phone line unless experiments are being performed.
SCP-520-1 and -2 are to be stored in an inanimate-item containment locker with standard positive-action defenses. Each object's handle is to remain perpendicular to its base. The handles and contacts must be secured with sturdy clamps made of insulating material.
PoI-520-A and PoI-520-B are to remain in Foundation custody; as long as they do so voluntarily, they are to be accommodated comfortably without communications access. All electrical devices in each PoI's suite should be checked weekly for damage or modification. Should PoI-520-A and PoI-520-B agree to meet, they are permitted one hour of face-to-face or videoconference time per week.
Tests of SCP-520-2 should be conducted using the smallest possible active-zone setting. Both SCP-520-1 and SCP-520-2 must only be allowed to affect Foundation assets slated for disposal. Testing is currently suspended. See Incident 520-16.
SCP-521 is to be stored in Secure  is to remain in place outside of authorized testing.
After activation, SCP-521 is to be retrieved from its new location and returned to storage with a new covering plate. SCP-521-1 onwards are to be held in Archive 4 of Site-39, with digital copies made available on the Foundation intranet. Access to these documents is not restricted (with the exception of SCP-521-27, see below).
SCP-522 should be kept in an airtight room, with adequate light sources. Hazmat suits are strongly advised, as anyone leaving the room must go through a thorough decontamination process to prevent the potential spread of SCP-522.
Once every two weeks, one pig (or animal of equivalent body mass) is to be placed at the center of SCP-522.
Except for purposes of experimentation, at no point should any person stand on SCP-522 while alone inside the enclosure. For this reason, all personnel entering SCP-522’s containment room should be accompanied by another person.
SCP-523 is kept in a sealed room separate from the rest of the Site-19 complex. The room is set to self-destruct in the event of an XK-class end-of-the-world scenario to prevent SCP-523 from worsening the situation. The walls of the room have been laced with two (2)-millimeters of lead, in the hopes that SCP-523 will be unable to escape once again (see below).
SCP-523 is to be removed from containment for experimental purposes only and doing so requires permission from Level 3 personnel or higher. Personnel experimenting on SCP-523 should be accompanied by at least one person able to receive low-frequency telepathic signals. Personnel in the presence of SCP-523 are instructed to alert one another before blinking. Performing dangerous experiments on SCP-523 is strongly discouraged. Removing SCP-523 for practical use is strictly prohibited.
Outside of testing conditions, the individual components of SCP-525 must be stored in separate sealed containers. No more than six components may be stored in the same room or within 15 meters of each other. All currently-existing components are accounted for at Storage Site-23 in lockers ██ to ██.
Only Class D personnel are authorized to handle SCP-525. All supervising staff must wear protective eyewear during testing.
Armed Containment Area-31 has been established in a 15 km radius around SCP-526-1, which has been officially designated as a military weapon testing site and proving ground with a no-fly zone in effect. A company-sized element is stationed at Station 526-Alpha to observe and contain the appearance of anomalous subjects from SCP-526-1 and is authorized to use deadly force in self-defense or in order to contain SCP-526.
Approximately 30 minutes before dawn, all containment teams must be at full alert and must remain on alert until sunset or such time that all instances of SCP-526-2 have been terminated or otherwise rendered harmless. In case of overwhelming hostile contact, additional reinforcements may be requested by ACA-31 Command from Mobile Task Force Sigma-9 ("Valkyries"), including artillery strikes and close air support if necessary.
SCP-527 is to be contained within a standard humanoid domicile at Site-19. No other containment procedures are necessary.
All items designated SCP-528 are to be kept inside of their individual containers when not in use. In the case of a missing or damaged container, a new, non-individualized container will be commissioned. All containers of SCP-528 are to be kept in secure storage locker Z-12 at Site 23. Senior Staff at Site 23 are to be given the combination to said locker. No one of lower class than 3 is approved to work on SCP-528. The combination is to be changed on a weekly basis.
No special precautions have yet proven necessary. "Josie" is quite affectionate, and at this stage is free to move about the lower levels of the facility. Staff are not permitted to feed cheese to her - she will become distressed if not given sufficient cheese.
No special precautions have yet proven necessary. "Carl" is very calm and friendly, and at this stage is free to move about the lower levels of the facility. "Carl" is free also to interact with SCP-529 as the two have proved non-hostile toward each other as well. Staff are not permitted to feed SCP-530 anything other than his approved food twice daily or his approved treats during training.
SCP-531 statues are effectively harmless when kept facing each other. When not being studied they are stored in matched pairs in the medium-security facility █████, placed in wall alcoves on opposite sides along a marble-lined hallway in an arrangement that approximates the circumstances where the original pair was found. The alcoves have sliding doors that can be closed via remote control to make it easier to approach them for maintenance or experimentation, or on those occasions when there are an odd number of statues in inventory. There are currently fourteen statues in inventory, numbered SCP-531-1 to SCP-531-14.
If it is anticipated that the Foundation will have an odd number of SCP-531 statues in inventory for an extended period of time (i.e., it is not a temporary condition resulting from an in-progress test), a D-class personnel should be assigned to ensure that all statues have a partner. It is better to do this in a controlled manner than risk an accidental exposure.
Standard bio-hazard containment procedures are to be followed for all research samples of SCP-532. Samples are to be kept at a constant temperature of -8°C. Any personnel encountering instances of SCP-532 outside of Foundation custody are to evacuate all outdoor areas immediately and contact Dr. ██████████.
SCP-533 is to be kept around the neck of a display dummy in room 12B at the ███ ███████, ██, storage facility.
The dummy itself needs no special properties, but it must be kept in a glass case with glass breakage sensors on each face. The case itself must rest on a scale.
A computer is to monitor the breakage sensors and the scale at all times. If at any time the glass breaks or the weight of the case exceeds ██ kg, then Procedure 533-001 must be executed immediately.
All instances of SCP-534-1, -2, and -3 are to be kept in a plastic covered, airtight containment chamber. Entrance to the containment chamber is to be conducted through a double airlock, the chamber of which is to be equipped with a high-grade disinfectant. With the exception of testing, all personnel entering SCP-534's containment chamber are to wear class three bio-hazard suits.
SCP-535 is to be kept in a secure storage room at Site ██. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard opecept under controlled testing circumstances. If the need to handle SCP-535 arises, it should only be performed by one personnel of level 3 clearance or higher, with no other individuals present in the immediate area and with mechanical apparatus to prevent being within 1m of SCP-535.
SCP-535 is not to come in contact with other anomalies associated with information transfer, such as SCP-606.
SCP-536 is to be maintained according to standard Foundation procedures. SCP-536 is not to be plugged into its power source except during authorized testing. Any personnel who wish to engage in research involving SCP-536 must submit an official request form to Dr. ████, under whose supervision all tests are to be conducted.
Gravimetric, electromagnetic, and radiological sensors are to be placed on SCP-536's surface at one meter intervals. In the case of abnormal readings on any of these sensors, SCP-536 is to be deactivated immediately and removed from its power source.
Personnel are encouraged to repeatedly check calculations before activating SCP-536.
SCP-537 is to be kept in a soundproof room. No additional containment measures are required, although SCP-537 has requested:

One (1) poster of The Muppet Movie. (granted)
Weekly dusting and cleaning of its record. (granted)
Daily one (1)-hour visits from Foundation personnel. (denied)
Weekly one (1)-hour to "converse" with Foundation personnel sent to clean its record following cleaning. (under consideration)
A vinyl record of the soundtrack from The Muppet Movie. (denied - it can play the entire soundtrack without need of the actual record)

All instances of SCP-538 are to be contained within a flush-white 15 by 15 by 3 meter room with no fewer than four (4) overhead 200 watt lights. These lights are to be centered above a 1 by 2 by 0.5 meter block table stationed in the center of the containment area and shining at all times. One (1) Class D Personnel in a chemically-induced coma is to be kept medically stable upon the table, and will serve as the "feed" source for all specimens of SCP-538. No source of shade should be present in the room other than that provided by the Class D.
If at any point a light in SCP-538's containment area burns out, a crew of two security personnel are to be sent in through an adjacent airlock. Personnel are to be equipped with sealed hazardous material suits complete with independent oxygen tanks and advised to move slowly and deliberately in order to avoid agitating SCP-538. They are to replace the burnt out bulb and, upon completion of their task, are to return to the airlock. Once personnel are isolated within airlock, they are to be flushed with 300 watt white light in order to assure no instances of SCP-538 are clinging to their person. Examinations of Class D Personnel providing sustenance for SCP-538 are to be done in a similar manner, however only one doctor is required for examinations. See Addendum 538-A.
If at any time all four lights are to go out simultaneously, the chamber is to be sealed along with all observation ports. Until means of relighting SCP-538's chamber are available, the containment area is to remain in lock-down. If at any time personnel are bitten by SCP-538, the infected individual must be placed within SCP-538's chamber as soon as possible. Failure to do so could result in massive breach of containment and will result in termination of responsible individual.
Note: Security personnel are to be periodically screened for any unusual phobias. Any personnel found to exhibit any degree of arachnophobia is to be reassigned.
SCP-539 is to be kept in a padded case, to remain locked at all times, unless a supervisor with a minimum Security Clearance Level of 2 is present to observe, and only during potential testing of its phenomena. Physical contact with SCP-539 is forbidden unless approved testing is being conducted.
All instances of SCP-540 are to be handled and stored according to standard protocols for similar non-anomalous live munitions, with the exception that all locations housing SCP-540 are to be equipped with a secondary overhead sprinkler system capable of dousing any given room with herbicidal compound H-540-IB9-4LM to a depth of 10 cm in less than 90 seconds.
All armories that contain SCP-540 are to be located a minimum of 15 meters below ground, with monitoring and testing facilities located above ground, as part of Site 74-A. A secondary site, designated Site 74-B, is located 117 km away and is to maintain a fleet of firefighting aircraft, including no fewer than 10 airtankers. In the event of a partial or full containment breach of SCP-540 affecting more than 0.5 km² of above-ground land, this fleet is to be loaded with a variety of defoliants and herbicides, including Agent Orange and solutions of sodium chlorate, and proceed to inundate all areas affected by SCP-540.
SCP-541 was kept in a plain pine wood coffin, some 1.98m (6.5ft) in length and with a stereotypical hexagonal construction. The lid to this coffin was kept affixed by means of four (4) padlocks, for relatively easy access to its contents. Keys were in the possession of the on-site Level 3 technician heading research on SCP-541. SCP-541 could be removed from its coffin with care; the coffin could be moved with minimal limitations and security measures and proved by-and-large suitable for continued containment/storage of SCP-541.
SCP-542 is to be kept in a 8m x 8m room with small adjoining bathroom, and may submit requests for furnishings barring anything that could be modified into surgical tools. Notable requests by SCP-542 include:

One queen size bed, no blankets or sheets, bare mattress (Approved)
Two large work desks (Approved)
One large wardrobe (Approved)
A selection of heavy coats, lab jackets, and pants (Approved)
Several full-length mirrors (Denied)
A selection of sewing supplies, along with bolts of cloth (Approved initially, revoked after Incident 542-B-03.)
Several large bookcases, filled with anatomy and medical texts both old and new (Approved)
A chess set (Approved)
Blank-paged notebooks and various writing utensils (Approved)
Regular supplies of German-language crossword puzzles (Approved)
Industrial-grade deep sinks (Denied)
Steel nail file (Denied. Given wooden/sandpaper emery board in replacement.)
Nail Clippers (Denied)
Access to his personal surgery kit (Denied except in cases of testing. See Addendum.)

The room is to remain locked, dead-bolted, and barred with at least two Class D guards on duty at any time. SCP-542 is to be fed two meals per day, delivered by Class D personnel, and as per request, will be given a transfusion of fresh blood (1 pint, any type) per week.
When SCP-542 begins to suffer from organ failure, he may request a fresh organ to be supplied, and Foundation Medical Personnel will sedate him and perform the surgery. Despite constant requests, SCP-542 may not be allowed to perform invasive surgery upon himself except during observed testing. Old and discarded organs or tissue are to be collected for testing.
In the event that SCP-542 should escape confinement, SCP-542 may be subdued by high doses of tranquilizers or disabled via a net. Should he come into possession of any knives or shards of glass/mirror that could be used to cut, nonlethal fire is permitted.
When not in use, SCP-544 is to be kept in a standard 1 m x 1 m x 1 m locked storage container. When in use, the bearer of SCP-544 is to be under visual and auditory surveillance at all times. In the event that SCP-544 is to be removed from a bearer, it is to be only done by legally deaf staff in Auditory Safe Room #524264.
SCP-545 is considered to be three individual parts, and thus each part may be stored differently.
SCP-545-A is to be kept in a two-room, residential containment unit at Site 17 furnished to her liking. To date, she has not requested a TV, radio, nor any contact with the outside world beyond a walk through a park or woods at least once per week, available to her upon request. During said excursions she is to be accompanied by a team of 4 armed security personnel and at least one researcher familiar to her. SCP-545-A is allowed to leave her containment and spend time in Level 0 and common areas, provided that she notify two Level-2 security personnel ahead of time and is supervised during the duration of her leaving her room. SCP-545-A poses no immediate threat to any personnel, provided that they are reminded not to make assumptions about her strength, speed, or intelligence based upon her appearance.
All samples and bottles of SCP-545-B are to be packaged and placed in the appropriate storage unit, under lock. Only authorized Level-4 security personnel or higher may be allowed to handle, transport, or study SCP-545-B. Drinking SCP-545-B is strictly forbidden and punishable by immediate termination, unless under testing protocol. All requests to study and test SCP-545-B must be submitted at least a week in advance, and approved by a head of Site research, if not an O5-level operative.
SCP-545-A's unit is also to contain a small garden under sunlamps, available for her to work in. No poisonous plants are allowed after Incident 545-6b.
SCP-545-C is to be locked in a quad-locked secure storage vault in Site-17's Precious Items wing.
SCP-547 is to be stored inside a plain black envelope which in turn is to be stored in the security deposit box located in Dr ██████’s office. No Foundation employee is to access SCP-547 without Dr ██████’s consent, and SCP-547 itself should only be handled by test subjects. Please note that any persons exposed to SCP-547's effects are subject to Class D status.
SCP-548 is to be kept at 24°C in a 50 cm x 50 cm terrarium. The enclosure is to be composed of modified borosilicate glass with high thermal shock resistance, or of other materials not rendered brittle by sudden temperature changes of greater than 50°C. In the event that SCP-548 makes an active attempt to grind through the terrarium walls, the enclosure is to be flooded immediately with 500 mL liquid nitrogen and the subject removed temporarily to a reinforced steel terrarium. Subject is to be fed mice, one every four days.
SCP-548 should not be handled except as needed for testing. Handlers must be at least cursorily familiar with tarantula behavior and wear heavily insulated gloves. Should subject display any aggressive behavior, cease handling promptly. If bitten, personnel should be treated immediately for hypothermia and frostbite. Active intrathoracic warming with heated fluids is indicated for severe bites.
SCP-549 is to be kept at all times in its terrarium. The terrarium was created after previous containment proved to be insufficient. The containment plexiglass is to be checked for fractures every day at 0600 and 1800. Any signs of stress or wear are to be reported immediately to one of SCP-549's handlers. The terrarium is to be kept filled with miniature foliage and groundcover resembling that of northwestern North America. Fabrication company [REDACTED] is to be used for repairs on the terrarium's interior. A stream has been engineered to run through the terrarium, the water of which must be changed daily, using only filtered spring water. The terrarium is to be kept within a 15m by 15m room, placed on a stable support platform capable of holding up to two metric tons in the event that SCP-549 begins to throw its weight around.
The containment room should be lit in accordance with the day-night cycle and climate controlled in accordance with conditions in northwestern Canada. During summer and autumn months, SCP-549 requires upwards of 70,000-80,000 calories per day in preparation for its hibernation period. Because of SCP-549's special situation, it is inefficient to provide the nutrition in the traditional means. It simply takes SCP-549 too long to consume that much material. Currently, its diet is provided in the form of salmon fillets which have passed through [REDACTED], thus drastically increasing the caloric content of the fish. In winter and early spring, SCP-549 requires little or no care, though monitoring should continue as per usual. Personnel assigned to SCP-549 must take all care not to disturb its den by any means.
As a result of Incident 549-72 (the mauling of Assistant Researcher [REDACTED] by SCP-549), all personnel assigned to SCP-549 are required to watch security footage of Incident 549-72 as part of their orientation.
SCP-550 is to be held in a standard-sized humanoid cell. SCP-550 should be provided with a human corpse on a bi-weekly basis. Any remaining materials are to be cleaned and removed from the containment chamber after provision. All personnel handling SCP-550 are to wear provided chemical resistant gloves and Hazmat suits at all times. Directions made toward SCP-550 may be broadcast from speakers installed in its containment chamber, and should be used for transportation, maintenance, and testing.
SCP-551 is to be contained in a simple cardboard box. It must be of an adequate size to carry all pieces of SCP-551. The box should be stored in a locker unit on Storage Site-23 and at least one (1) Level 1 staff member is to be notified in the event of its removal.
SCP-552 is to be contained in a room furnished as standard living quarters. All furniture is to be padded and bolted into place to prevent accidental collisions. Reading material may be provided at the subject’s request, but any discussion of current events is to be censored. A screen is to play time-delayed security footage of the subject’s containment facility to enable communication. The time delay should be updated once a week to keep pace with the subject’s progressing condition.
SCP-552 is to be gagged and kept in full body restraints to prevent self-harm. It is not to be stored in any facility containing other SCPs or transported through any populated areas.
The primary colony of SCP-553 is to be kept in the cave system they were discovered in, located in █████ ████████, China. Coordination with the Chinese Ministry of State Security has resulted in the surrounding area being declared a munitions testing range and off-limits to non-military personnel. Foundation agents have further encouraged local folklore which indicates that the cave system is inhabited by demons, in order to discourage casual exploration. A Chinese/Foundation security force is stationed on-site and will monitor the status of the colony.
125 instances of SCP-553 have been transported to Site-37 for observation and experimentation. They are kept in a 8 m by 17 m by 5 m steel-walled room whose interior replicates conditions in their originating cave system. Native cave flora and fauna are to be maintained in sufficient quantities to provide the appropriate nutritional needs of SCP-553. Multiple IR and night-vision cameras have been installed in order to provide full coverage of the interior, as well as numerous passive acoustic sensors.
Any personnel entering the chamber must only use the designated path and be wearing full body protection as laid out in Document 553-0-942-Alpha. Effective 06/01/20██, a decontamination airlock has been installed and all rooms and hallways adjoining SCP-553’s chamber are to be equipped with high-strength UV lamps as well as a humidity level of 50% or less. Industrial dehumidifiers are to be on hand in the case of containment breach.
A 100m exclusion zone should be maintained around SCP-554 with signage indicating danger of death due to electrocution. A rotating team of 3 field personnel is to be assigned the task of preventing public exposure to the object. The individual currently designated SCP-554-2 is to be held in Foundation custody at Sector-25. In the event of members of the public or Foundation personnel becoming exposed to the effects of SCP-554, the following procedures apply:

174-Macadamia: Where an individual has viewed SCP-554-1. Communication with Sector-25 should be established immediately to confirm that the individual previously designated SCP-554-2 has undergone a 554-Boojum event. Exposed individual is to be designated SCP-554-2 and conveyed to Sector-25. Containment is to be re-established and any eyewitnesses administered amnestics.


889-Almond: Where multiple individuals have viewed SCP-554-1 in a short time span. Surviving individual is to be interrogated to establish the identity, where possible, of others exposed. Failing this it will become necessary to remove SCP-554-1 and identify the corpse. Precautions must be taken to avoid accidental exposure while retrieving SCP-554-1. Corpses removed from SCP-554 are to be conveyed to Sector-25.


333-Hickory: Where Foundation agents have been exposed to SCP-554-1 in the course of their duties. Safety of uncontaminated personnel is the highest priority; where the previously exposed individual has not been identified, the exposed agent has sole responsibility for identifying SCP-554-1. Contaminated personnel are to be designated SCP-554-2 and conveyed to the Sector-25 facility; they should be kept under 24-hour surveillance by at least two staff members to delay a 554-Boojum event. Next of kin should be informed that SCP-554-2 has been diagnosed with a terminal medical condition. Video-link or in extremis personal contact with SCP-554-2 is authorised at the discretion of sector management; suitable steps should be taken to safeguard the secrecy of Sector-25.



Detail on SCP-554 interior. Guard has been erected to prevent accidental exposure to SCP-554-1



Level 5 Access Required

Close


451-Cachichin: Where images or footage of SCP-554-1 has become public knowledge and has proven effective at transmitting the SCP-554 effect. SCP-554 is to be reclassified Keter with immediate effect. High explosives to be used to destroy SCP-554. If neutralisation efforts prove ineffective, following protocols are to be implemented in order provided below until containment is re-established.

Whitehouse Protocol: Electronic communications to be disabled worldwide to prevent transmission of SCP-554 effect. State approval is to be sought wherever possible - otherwise Foundation assets are to be directed to sabotage relevant infrastructure.
Ameles Protocol: Use of Project LETHE authorised. Contaminated objects, individuals, and electronic infrastructure are to be destroyed.
Wyndham Protocol: Orbital assets to be used to neutralise human optic nerves in area of contamination to prevent further transmission.






SCP-555 is to be placed in a standard containment locker. Corpses are not to be brought within eighteen meters of SCP-555 or the room in which it is contained. SCP-555's containment procedures were revised after Incident 555-1.
SCP-555 is to be housed in a 5x5x3 meter concrete containment chamber. Inside the walls, an electromagnet array with a combined internal field strength of three teslas or greater is installed. In an interstitial chamber, a set of the most powerful permanent magnet arrays available is to be held away from the electromagnet array, and moved into place by automatic systems in the event of power failure. The chamber is to be separated from the rest of the facility by an exclusion zone of at least twenty meters, due to dangers posed by high magnetic fields and by the SCP itself. No corpses are ever to be brought into the exclusion zone. A HEPA air filtering system is to be installed to avoid fouling of the SCP. SCP-555 is never to be stored in the same site as SCP-447.
SCP-556 is stored in a secure hangar at Site ██. No materials containing any ink, dye, or paint may enter the Red Zone established in a 50 meter radius around SCP-556.
In the case of a 'runoff' incident from accidental introduction of raw material into SCP-556, the containment area must be locked down for a minimum of 48 hours pending re-evaluation of SCP-556 via remote exploration. Personnel working within the Red Zone of SCP-556 must be paired at all times, and any missing personnel are to be reported immediately.
As it is not possible to relocate SCP-557, Research Site-29 has been built surrounding it. Geographic and aerial surveys of the area have been altered to make it appear to be empty desert, with no valuable archaeological or mineral features.
On-site personnel have several tasks:
• To prevent unauthorized observation of, and access to, SCP-557. Despite its inhospitable location, several occult groups including the ████████ ████ appear to be aware of SCP-557 and have shown an interest in it. Unauthorized personnel are to be taken into custody, interrogated, and dealt with appropriately. Anyone attempting to tunnel below Level 5, or disturb the stone block in the floor of Room 501, is to be terminated immediately.
• To continue to attempt translation of the records found in SCP-557.
• To monitor the area for SCP-557-1. SCP-557-1 should be assumed to be Keter-class and is to be captured if possible, otherwise terminated.
• To monitor Room 501 and serve as a strike team should anything emerge from beneath it.
All items comprising SCP-558 are to be kept in their cases in Equipment Cabinet ██-█ at Research Site-██. Any personnel wishing to experiment with SCP-558-1-4 may do so after completing standard documentation. Researchers wishing to test SCP-558-5 must either themselves have Level 3 Clearance or have the written approval of at least two Level 3 personnel. At this time it is advised that only Class D personnel be allowed to interact with SCP-558-5.
SCP-559 is to be stored appropriately for any object it has taken the form of, within a secure safe containing three (3) other baked items inaccessible to those below Level 3 security clearance. Usage of SCP-559 is only to be done under the supervision of Level 4 or higher personnel with prior approval.
SCP-560 is to be kept on a Foundation archival-quality optical storage medium at least ███ GB in size. This medium should be accessed at least once per month using the stand-alone desktop computer within SCP-560's containment unit. After the computer ceases to function, the medium should be placed in a shock-proof case, specification ███-██-████. Pursuant to Foundation secure-wipe protocols, the blank drive should be discarded through civilian avenues and replaced with a wipe-ready drive from Site-██ Research. Testing on workstations with any network access or removable media other than SCP-560's storage unit is prohibited by Level 4 order.
SCP-561 has an unidentified center, but its known area of effect covers several square kilometres of Canadian wilderness, near the abandoned town of ██████████, Saskatchewan. It is currently listed as a nature preserve, and the entire area is fenced in with guards posted and patrolling outside the chain-link borders. The fence is to be a minimum of 3 m (10 ft) in height, with both barbed wire loops and an electrified wire along the top. Intruders are to be taken into custody, stripped of all recording and photographic devices, and interrogated to determine what anomalies have been observed. Authorization is granted to use any class of amnestic when deemed necessary. If intruders are injured by any of the products of SCP-561, they may be airlifted to the nearest hospital, and provided with a bear attack cover story.
The products of SCP-561 may only be moved by authorized personnel to whatever site is necessary for testing. Any products of SCP-561 found outside the fenced perimeter may be terminated on sight unless they are accompanied by appropriate personnel, or are part of Group N (see Addendum 561-1).
Due to the spontaneous and non-physical nature of SCP-562, prevention of its effects is likely impossible. Containment, therefore, is to center around reducing the occurrence of 562-Claim events, identifying unreported SCP-562 incidents, and suppressing public knowledge of the anomalous components.
Common aliases used by SCP-562 have been filed on major sex-offender registries around the world. Evidence suggests that internet safety training also reduces the occurrence of successful 562-Claim events, so this is to be encouraged in European schools.
As all carcasses of SCP-563-A have been removed from SCP-563, minimal containment of SCP-563 is required. It is to be surrounded by a perimeter of motion trackers at every three meters, which are remotely monitored by Site 1265-A, 15 kilometers away.
Mobile Task Force-Ξ-22 (Codename: Hanna's Barbarians) is tasked with locating and containing other instances of SCP-563 and finding information pertaining to the Ancient Dragon Culinary Corporation. Currently, MTF-Ξ-22 is working with the governments of South Korea, Japan and the People's Republic of China to covertly outlaw the trade of SCP-563-B instances, and recall any existing instances, citing food safety concerns.
The government of the People's Republic of China is currently collaborating with the Foundation to find sites similar to SCP-563, and locating living instances of SCP-563-A for study.
SCP-564 is to remain on the assigned bedding at all times. Due to the fragility of SCP-564-1, contact with SCP-564 requires special clearance for testing purposes only, for its own safety. Access to its point of origin is to be restricted to those with approval for testing. Anything removed from the area is to be kept in the same container as SCP-564. Communication with SCP-564 requires Level 3 or higher clearance. Communication is to be recorded via audio recording devices. Addendum: Communication now required to be recorded visually as well. Communication with SCP-564 is now restricted to written notes with its available hand. (See Test Log 564-04)
SCP-565 is kept in a type three aquatic object containment tank on level 4B of Site-77. It is fed twice daily, and tested weekly for development or degradation of mental capacity. Staff who are so inclined may view SCP-565 during its scheduled feeding times by appointment with Doctor Schaeffer.
All copies of SCP-566 are to be stored in Low Valuable  clearance for this purpose.
Uncontained instances of SCP-566 are to be treated as a Keter-level threat - to this extent, Foundation operatives are to regularly inspect the stock of bookstores and libraries for instances of SCP-566, as well as any other literature or stationery published by the "Living Language Linguists' League". Websites, file-sharing sites and forums are to be monitored for scanned or transcribed SCP-566 contents, and DMCA takedowns issued if any such is found.
Any new reports of anomalies are to be cross-checked with known SCP-566 contents database in order to both ensure a standard response and to make sure any SCP-566 copies potentially present are found. The classification SCP-566-A is to be used for anomalies related to SCP-566 use (See Document 566-Alpha for list and associated containment procedures).
Site-41 has been established at the former ████████ Castle for the purpose of containing SCP-567. The entrance to SCP-567 is to be kept sealed at all times. All cell doors are to be monitored off-site via CCTV. In the event that a door is opened or breached, Task Force Delta-9 "Hacks" is tasked with containing the instance of SCP-567-9 immediately. If containment proves impossible, termination is authorized.
Because of the nature of SCP-567, and the proximity to it that TF Delta-9 will be working, to join TF Delta-9 an applicant must:

Have clean criminal record.
Have never committed any crime, even at the orders of the Foundation.
Be of moderate political beliefs.
Have strong convictions as to the importance of upholding the law.
Have a strong fear of offending others with their actions.

SCP-568 requires no unique considerations and is stored in storage locker 28-002 in Sector 28. Testing with SCP-568 must be authorized by Level 3 personnel.
SCP-569 are currently contained at Bio-Research Site-66. Contained instances of SCP-569 are to be sealed within 1 m3 steel crates and immersed in ice water baths when not under research. If containment is breached, aggressive instances are to be neutralized through application of aerosolized liquid nitrogen. Passive instances are to be herded back into a containment crate and returned to containment.
Personnel injured by SCP-569 may be treated via amputation of affected surfaces; severely affected personnel are to be terminated. Matter produced by agitated instances of SCP-569 is to be ground into powder and utilized in Site construction.
SCP-570 is to be contained within a reinforced steel containment locker. No personnel are permitted to wear SCP-570, and all subjects who have worn it during testing are to have it removed immediately afterwards. Personnel who have worn SCP-570 are to be given medical treatment for their hands, following removal.
A single piece of paper containing an instance of SCP-571 should be kept inside an opaque, sealed container of any kind, at the center of any high security containment room (currently the primary containment chamber at Compound-1043/Site-143). This containment room must be equipped with incineration devices, which shall be maintained and tested regularly. Any site housing SCP-571 must not be located within 200km of any minor population center, or within 500km of any major population center. No devices that have any capability of transmitting pictures are to be allowed within the perimeter of the compound housing SCP-571.
Only one instance of SCP-571 should exist at any time, except during specially approved testing. Should the paper containing SCP-571 be destroyed, another copy may be printed from the encrypted backup file. No other recordings of SCP-571 are to exist.
SCP-571's containment chamber is to be monitored using infrared devices. Eight Level 2 guards must be stationed outside of SCP-571's containment chamber at all times. Four of these guards are to wear infrared goggles during shifts. Any persons attempting to enter the containment chamber without authorization are to be terminated immediately. Upon any successful unauthorized entry, the incineration devices in SCP-571's containment chamber are to be activated immediately.
All personnel leaving Site-143 are to be examined for potential SCP-571 contamination without visual contact as outlined by Protocol 571-Alpha. Personnel attempting to bypass Site-143 security are to be terminated within Compound-1043's 10-mile perimeter.
In the case of an SCP-571 containment breach, affected personnel are to be summarily killed and incinerated. If Compound-1043 becomes significantly compromised, the network of auxiliary incineration devices should be activated as outlined by Protocol 571-Alpha.
Mobile Task Force Eta-10 ("See No Evil") are assigned to handling potential instances of SCP-571 and SCP-571-related memes appearing independently outside containment.
SCP-572 may be safely kept in a locked safe-deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
As there is no possible reason for SCP-572 to be used in the field, the item is to be kept more as a curiosity than for any scientific purpose.
None needed. Object is stored in Dr. L██████s desk. Object is to be locked in one of Site 62's secure lockers. SCP-573 requires the agreement of two members of Senior Staff in order to be removed from containment. No one is allowed to make use of SCP-573 without at least two back-up researchers. Testing of SCP-573 around children is hereby denied without O5 approval.
SCP-574 is located within Containment Site-105, which is surrounded by a concrete barrier three meters high and one meter wide. Warning signs are posted at the edge of the Foundation-owned property. Once per month, a live adult pig (Sus scrofa) is to be placed within SCP-574. Any additional buildings not being cultivated for study are to be demolished by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" as soon as it becomes feasible.
The interior of SCP-574 is monitored by both cameras and high-definition microphones. Any anomalies in SCP-574's interior are to be reported immediately.
Any and all instances of SCP-575 are to be immediately isolated and contained with Protocol AL-9O77 (see Advanced Lighting and Emergency Containment Strategies handbook) and transported to secured containment. Should an instance of SCP-575 exceed a safely containable size, Protocol AL-9O77-B is to be used to divide and isolate SCP-575 into smaller instances.
Containment units are to be made of two airtight rooms, each sealed by airlocks. The outer room, Containment A, is to remain lit at all times, with no less than two back-up generators on stand-by. Light fixtures are to be checked weekly, and any blackouts in Containment A will result in immediate lockdown until total illumination is restored.
The inner containment unit, Containment B, is to be coated in a layer of pure calcium both inside and out. Personnel entering Containment B are to be fitted with LED-embedded clothing and equipped with portable floodlights in case of emergency. Interaction with SCP-575 should be limited to sample collection and observation. Any samples obtained from SCP-575 must be treated in the same manner as the original source and all test areas must have calcium lining and emergency illumination procedures similar to those outlined here.
Any and all civilian deaths resulting from SCP-575 are to be attributed to wild animal attack/scavenger predation of an already deceased subject. Should deeper scrutiny be applied, attacks are to be blamed on a serial killer/satanic cult, and any additional information is sealed “due to ongoing investigation”.
SCP-576 is to be kept in a digital combination locker at Site-19; the passcode to this locker is to be rotated twice each month. Level 3 authorization is required prior to any testing involving SCP-576; under no circumstances is access to SCP-576 to be granted outside of testing protocol.
SCP-577 is to be contained within a standard large containment unit, reinforced with steel ballistic shielding. All doors to the containment unit and related areas must be capable of remote operation.
Twice a year, D-Class personnel are to be sent into the chamber to inspect the ballistic shielding for any damage caused by SCP-577 and make any needed repairs. They are also responsible for removing any cadavers or detritus left from prior entries into the containment chamber. Any Foundation personnel entering SCP-577's containment must wear full-body ballistic protection.
SCP-578 is to be contained within standard Safe-class anomalous liquids tanks. Any personnel excluding D-class under testing conditions are to wear Level C hazmat suits while handling SCP-578. All newly recovered instances of SCP-578-1 are to be cataloged and destroyed.
SCP-579 is currently in Site-62C, a compound located approximately 80 km from Site-██, the main site. Knowledge of the existence of this site has been deemed unnecessary for all non-essential personnel who are not involved in SCP-579's containment. Site consists of building housing SCP-579 and living quarters for containment staff. SCP-579 is encased in a 30 m x 30 m x 30 m unit made of [DATA EXPUNGED], in which SCP-579 is kept in permanent suspension through use of electromagnets. Site-██ is equipped with hardline to High Command through which all reports and notifications are to be made. Staff consists of two teams (each composed of 17 Level 1 Personnel, three level 2 Personnel, and one Level 4 Personnel) which are rotated bi-weekly.
All instruments are to be checked each half-hour to ensure their continued function. Changes in any measured attribute are to be immediately reported to High Command. Any instrument or electronic device registering more than 0.2% from its median range of function or displaying any errors or lapses in functioning will result in automatic execution of Action 326-Israfil. Routine reports to High Command are to be made hourly. If a report is not received within seven minutes of its scheduled time, Action 10-Israfil-A is to be executed.
Absolutely no action regarding SCP-579 other than those strictly outlined above is to be taken.
Due to the nature of SCP-580 and the environment that it is normally found in, the following protocols are to be observed at all times of contact. Note that this document covers both the item itself (hereafter referred to as SCP 580–01) and the crew found inside (SCP 580–02).

At least one Foundation Agent who is fluent in Mandarin and is of obvious Chinese descent must be present; during an emergency, the former requirement is of higher priority. (For the purposes of this document, this person shall be referred to as the Contact Leader.) All communication occurring between the Foundation team and SCP 580–02 must go through the Contact Leader, as SCP-580-02 will not respond to any other interaction.
Communication must be kept at a non-hostile level; no aggression must be displayed by the contact team at any time. The Contact Leader must state their team’s current mission and agenda as truthfully as possible, both conscious and unconsciously (i.e. body language, stress indicators).
The team must apologize for “Interfering with a military operation on Imperial territory” and state that they are leaving immediately. If in doubt, the Contact Leader may ask for directions to the nearest “neutral area” from any member of SCP-580-02’s group, preferably the one that they interacted with the most. Care must be taken that the team give the impression that they are leaving immediately; further contact with SCP-580 within a 24 hour period from departure is not recommended due to prior hostile behavior at such actions.
Should hostilities commence, the Foundation Team is to leave the area immediately and attempt evasive maneuvers. Reentry into Earth’s atmosphere is permitted as a last resort, should it be necessary.

Interaction with SCP–580 is to be strictly logged and forwarded to Dr. Kamen as soon as possible for analysis. Priority is to be given to any deviations in the protocols listed therein and the results thereof, should any present itself.
Except for approved testing, SCP-581 must be kept a minimum of 1000 m from all members of all equine species. SCP-581 is to be kept in locked, climate-controlled facilities. No firearms are allowed in proximity to any examples of SCP-581-2.
Due to the high risk of memetic spread, all information and materials pertaining to the specifics of SCP-582-Delta’s containment narrative, manifestations, abilities, and history that has been judged conducive to perpetuation of the meme are to be handled solely by Special Intelligence Team “Bump in the Night” (Security Chief Special Order 817-2: ██/██/██). Access to Secure Archive 582 by outside personnel is permitted only by two-thirds majority O5 permission.
All major Internet search engines are to be monitored for any references to SCP-582 under any of its known names. Copies of all media relating to SCP-582 are to be stored in Secure Archive 582. The original sources of these materials, and all records regarding the individuals responsible for the creation of such, are to be expunged as outlined in Document 582-RP.
SCP-583 is to be locked in a heavy-duty chrome steel safe. Any level-3 or higher personnel have access to the safe. A lethal security system is to be kept operative in the containment room for SCP-583 at all times. SCP-583 is fragile and must not approach or be approached by any magnetic field-genetreme care. SCP-583 must not be destroyed, due to continued research into [DATA EXPUNGED].
Vial samples of SCP-584 are to be kept in cold storage, in accordance with established biohazard protocols, and access is restricted to personnel of at least Level 2 clearance. Research requires Level 3 approval.
Subjects accidentally contaminated with SCP-584 must be quarantined immediately as contact biohazards and must submit to involuntary antiviral treatment. If subject shows no signs of lesion activity for 12 weeks and tests negative in two consecutive biopsies, performed at six and 12 weeks following exposure, quarantine procedures can be downgraded. Follow-up biopsies at 12 and 24 months must also return negative results before the subject is to be considered "clean."
Any subject with a positive test for SCP-584, or displaying characteristic lesions, should be terminated.
SCP-585-2-4 are to be kept in a standard hazardous-object containment at Site-19. Pencils modified by SCP-585 are extremely dangerous and should be returned to their normal state at the end of testing. As of Incident 585-1, no pencil should be sharpened for more than fifty (50) rotations without O5 level approval.
SCP-585-a is stored in a glass vacuum flask, which is locked in storage vault ██. Special authorization by Dr. ████ or any senior Foundation staff is required for experiments involving SCP-585-a.
SCP-586 is assigned a storage container in Salty-04. Key may be obtained from the main office with presentation from Dr. ████. No further secretary is deemed necessary for the object.
An isolation room in Sector-28 houses SCP-587. Entry is barred without authorization from the project lead, and the interior is kept sterile. Climate controls must be maintained to simulate seasonally suitable weather, including precipitation when appropriate. Surveillance by digital recording devices is continuous.
Inside the isolation room, great care must be taken not to physically disturb SCP-587 in any way (unless as part of an experiment). Level 1 isolation equipment is required. All interactions with the model and its residents must be cleared with researchers overseeing the mass psychology project.
The original copy of SCP-588 is maintained in a minimum security storage locker at Site-19. SCP-588 is contained in a clear, plastic box and is fitted with metal restraints. Researchers coming into contact with SCP-588 are required to wear padded protective gloves. If SCP-588 is removed from containment, absolute attention is to be maintained to ensure that it does not escape (see Incident Report 588-B). Any additional copies of SCP-588 produced during testing are to be subjected to temperatures in excess of 1100˚C for a minimum of five minutes in a Site-19 disposal furnace.
SCP-589 must be contained within a sealed, reinforced container that is welded shut. Under no circumstances is SCP-589 to be removed from its container, physically contacted, or even seen. SCP-589 and its container must sit on a scale so that it may be continually weighed to confirm SCP-589's presence.
SCP-589's containment cell may only be accessed by level 4 personnel, and must be guarded by at least two level 4 security personnel with twenty four hour surveillance. Under no circumstances is SCP-589 allowed to leave its containment cell. Any personnel attempting unauthorized entry or removal of SCP-589 will be terminated.
Should containment be breached, then the entire sector SCP-589 is held in must be immediately purged via demolition charges or incendiary devices. Any personnel assigned to the sector that manage to escape must be questioned and then immediately detained for psychological screening.
In the event that SCP-589 must be handled without the protection of the container, the only personnel authorized to handle SCP-589 must be cleared by Foundation psychologists and must have a Psionic Resistance Index of 30 or higher. Once their task is complete, all personnel that have handled SCP-589 must submit to a mandatory psychological screening.
SCP-590 is assigned to a regular SCP living space at Sector 7. There is to be one guard on duty at all times within said space, to ensure 590 does not harm himself. SCP-590 is to be supplied with one television, which is to be used only in the broadcasting of children's shows. At no time is SCP-590 allowed to leave Sector 7, for any reason. Subject is to be fed only the vitamin-laced protein gruel created for SCP-590. Anyone caught attempting to feed SCP-590 anything else will be demoted. SCP-590 is not to be handled without proper authorization.
Note: SCP-590 is not to be named as anything other than Five Ninety. He is a tool to be used, not someone's friend, sibling, or child. Anyone found forming attachments to an SCP will be removed to a less people-intensive duty.
Instances of SCP-591 are to be kept in a separate storage containment vault at least 500m away from any civilian population, essential civilian infrastructure, or other Foundation controlled containment facilities. SCP-591 are to be activated only during approved testing by Level-3 staff. Test subjects affected by SCP-591 during testing are to remain in the area until SCP-591 has been turned off. Outside of testing SCP-591 is to remain deactivated.
Any new ZK-class scenarios created by SCP-591 will need to have a closed concrete dome structure built to contain it. These areas will also be designated as Sector-W#. Sectors W1 through W5 that exist currently are to be monitored remotely and be kept under Clandestine-2 type status. Personnel or test subjects within a Sector-W# are to remain there and be considered as lost collateral.
Any devices suspected to be an instance of SCP-591 are to be confiscated immediately.
SCP-592 should be contained in research cell 1611-E at all times, locked in a steel box, in the middle of a frosted glass containment cubicle. Also in the cubicle are a table, two (2) computers, a standard-sized computer scanner, an internal network connection port, and two (2) pairs of visual distortion goggles, which must be worn upon entering the cubicle, so as to make SCP-592 illegible. The first computer serves as an analysis machine, the second as a custom firewall. All devices have been modified with specialised software and hardware (see Testing Protocol for details) and the network port has been secured such that no device other than the firewall may use it. It is strictly necessary that the computers and scanner are turned off and unplugged after experimenting and that they are only powered for the duration of the experiment. The front and back covers of SCP-592 are to be covered in black opaque tape at all times.
The cell must be guarded continually to ensure that SCP-592 is not removed.
SCP-593 is to be stored under standard Biosafety Level 4 precautions at all times. Use of a hazmat suit with self-contained oxygen supply is mandatory; entry and exit to any lab containing samples of SCP-593 must include multiple showers, ultraviolet light bombardment, a vacuum room, and regularly tested, electronically secured airlocks. Individuals suspected of infection with SCP-593 must be isolated from the general population under BSL-4 protocols immediately and kept in a darkened environment until the maximum infectivity and incubation period have both passed, generally a period of thirty days. Medical treatment of confirmed SCP-593 victims requires observation of BSL-4 protocols and the immediate incineration or immersion in acid of all materials with which the victims have had contact, along with any/all biological waste produced.
SCP-594 is kept at Bio-Research Sector-██, located on 54 km2 of mountainous rangeland located 35 km from ██████, Alaska. Officially, Sector-██ is listed as a munitions factory and testing facility. The perimeter fences and access gates are monitored remotely at all times with two Level 2 guards posted at each gate in 8 hour shifts. All fencing enclosed paddocks have static dischargers placed at 2 cm intervals. Main research enclosure and pens are to be cleaned on a daily basis to avoid build up of excrement and allow for necessary repairs. Due to possible electrocution hazard, the following procedures are to be observed when interacting with SCP-594:

All metallic items and electrical devices, including wrist watches and jewelry, must be removed and placed within provided plastic containers prior to donning protective gear


Prior to entering paddock, staff are advised to wear at minimum Tesla armor, heavy duty work gloves, ear protection, goggles, and rubber soled boots. Also, staff are advised to keep on hand tobacco products (specifically “Skoal” style chewing tobacco or pipe tobacco), candies, dried fruit, or good quality alcohol as a “treat” for 594-01.


Holding pens and fences are to be kept properly maintained at all times.


Wool of mature adults (2 years and older) is to be kept shorn to a length of 2mm by ceramic shears twice yearly and baled in antistatic bags, with strict adherence to guidelines set out in Document #594-S. Under no circumstances are shears with electrical motors to be used for shearing. Exceptions are 594-01 and 594-02, who are to be rooed [loose wool plucked out by hand] as per guidelines under Document #594-01/02A and no attempts at shearing be made on either animal.


Due to the nature of SCP-594, specifically 594-02, all personnel with contact to SCP-594 and its by-products may be subject to full cavity searches and all personnel must submit to pat down search/metal detector scan before leaving the enclosure.


Feeding of the approved formulated grain-hay mix, outlined in Document #594-F, is to be done twice daily with fresh water and mineral licks made readily available around all parts of the enclosure. Foraging and grazing outside of regular feedings are to be carefully monitored.

SCP-595 is currently stored in either enclosed drydock 2█, ██████████, Virginia, or a secure Foundation warehouse district in Philadelphia depending on SCP-595’s current state. Both sites are restricted without Level 3 access clearance or higher. Access to SCP-595’s interior is restricted to specially selected Class D personnel or mobile task forces with approval from either site’s local administration.
Due to the nature of SCP-595’s effects, it is imperative that no personnel or sensitive equipment be located within the storage sites after SCP-595 has been “dormant” for over two hours. Normal research activities may resume at one of the two sites after SCP-595’s documented effects have subsided.
SCP-596 is to be secured in a standard containment chamber guarded according to usual protocols.
Care must be taken not to allow direct physical contact with SCP-596. Only designated Class-D subjects should do so. Subjects should be medically screened before a new subject is applied to SCP-596. O5 Oversight may permit special exception when a healthy alternative for a unique and critically required subject cannot be found.
All biological material derived from SCP-596 should be handled according to Foundation safety guidelines.
As sedatives have been found to impede the productivity of SCP-596, subjects must remain conscious when applied to SCP-596. Naturally, restraints will be required in order to facilitate the application of a new subject. It is recommended that new subjects be restrained to the opetended outward from the body. This position most easily allows access to quickly decapitate the subject after application is made. The "Lobotomizer" can then be applied to the brain stem once regrowth reaches that point to prevent further cognitive function. The Foundation Ethics Committee has determined that this practice best ensures a pleasant working environment for assigned personnel.
After the new subject has been applied to SCP-596, the old subject may be disposed of, blood and other fluid harvesting material may be connected to the new subject, and organ extraction can begin.


SCP-596 immediately after subject removal. Severed fingertips and subsequent regrowth not visible from this angle.


SCP-597 is to be guarded and researched by a rotating monthly shift. Those in charge of the design of the containment procedures are not allowed contact with the SCP; if at all possible this duty should be left to overseer level personnel. No one is to be allowed to view (on video or through a window) or be in the same room as SCP-597 for longer than five hours. Maintenance personnel are to alternate every day.
Evaluations are to be given at the end of the shift or whenever mental distress seems obvious. If psychological contamination is too great and poses a tangible danger, termination can be performed immediately by the on-site analyst. (The mental health offices are soundproofed for this purpose.) The doctor can terminate up to ten individuals at a time; any more requires the approval of an overseer. In this scenario, procedure 597-32 (Weaning the Babies) is to be activated. Vents in the ceiling require regular maintenance for this purpose.
Smoke detectors are not to be turned off for any reason; candles and incense lit in 597's cell are to be taken as an indication of a dangerous obsession. The leaving and offering of food, as 597 does not require it, is to be viewed in the same light as well. All other signs of unnatural love and religious awe are to be reported along with these.
The room and the surrounding area are to be sealed, with ventilation shafts, plumbing, and wiring checked daily. Measures are to be put into place for the continuous extermination of all vermin in the facility. Animals not part of the study found suckling on SCP-597 are to be removed and terminated as soon as possible due to risk of biological contamination. Because of this, in the morning, workers must wear Hazmat suits while entering the cell, for SCP-597 is often covered in vermin, including mice, opossums, squirrels, and bats.
597 is to be hosed down weekly, with special care given to the areas around the nipples, to prevent the buildup of saliva and drool. Those suckling need washing daily, as does the floor underneath them, for the removal of the puddles of urine, feces (for the first few days, but when solids completely leave the body this is no longer necessary, although occasionally a thin watery substance is excreted), and vomit, which is produced when they drink too eagerly, quickly, or out of rhythm. The cleaning products are to be plain and unscented (use of aromatics or herbal oils will be noted) and no scrubbing is to be done by hand.
SCP-598 is contained in a three by three by three (3x3x3) meter room which has been painted solidly with Behr brand "Pearly White" paint. The floor is mirrored. Three (3) bright lights are positioned on the ceiling in such a way so that all the room is lit. These lights are to remain lit for 24 hours every day and are attached to a backup generator in case of power outage. The room will be examined for mold or stains daily, and these will be immediately removed if found.
Two level-2 guards are to be stationed outside SCP-598’s room at all times. Supervised contact with SCP-598 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All are subject to searches before and after contact, and random psychoanalysis afterwards.
Unless permission is received from a overseer, tools such as knives, scalpels, mirrors, paint-peelers, or cameras are restricted.
SCP-599 is to be entirely enclosed within Site ██, which has been modified to look like a mountain from the outside. Any unauthorized tampering with Site ██ will result in its complete destruction. Under no circumstances are any means of external communication allowed within Site ██. Any personnel who enter SCP-599 are to be given a thorough psychiatric evaluation immediately upon returning.
SCP-600 is contained in a Class-E suite in Site 17, dimensions 15m x 15m x 3m. Two (2) security cameras monitor the subject at all times. A standard steel door with a reinforced double-paned window secures the suite. No special procedures are required for entering or exiting the suite, with the caveat that SCP-600 may attempt to follow researchers out of containment. A simple reprimand and order to return to containment has proved sufficient to curtail this behavior.
SCP-601 is to be confined to Group Humanoid Containment (GHC) Suite 2 on Site-03 at all times. This suite is to be furnished and maintained and as per standard humanoid containment procedures, with the following addenda:

All furnishings and plumbing fixtures placed in GHC Suite 2 are to be provided in sets of 12.
No flammable materials are to be used in the construction of furniture placed in GHC Suite 2.
No two items of furniture or plumbing fixtures of like type placed in GHC Suite 2 are to be set more than 5 meters apart from one another.
Audio recording equipment is to be installed throughout GHC Suite 2. All audio data is to be translated and analyzed by two personnel with level 2 clearance or higher.
The floor of GHC Suite 2 is to be mopped daily in addition to standard weekly custodial service.
Meals provided to SCP-601 are not to contain meat or meat products.

Following the events of experiment 601-0135, SCP-601 is to remain under 24 hour video surveillance. Should any foreign objects be observed, GHC Suite 2 is to be searched, all foreign objects are to be removed, and any missing items previously issued to SCP-601 are to be replaced. Under no circumstances is entertainment media of any kind to be introduced into GHC Suite 2 except during approved experiments.
In the event of the death(s) of any of the members of SCP-601, one D-class individual is to be introduced into GHC Suite 2 for each member lost.
SCP-602 appears to be immobile and localized to Apartment ███, ██ Greene St, New York City. Thus, containment of SCP-602 consists of keeping the public away from, and ensuring that SCP-602 does not expand beyond or move out of, Apt. ███. However, due to its location in a heavily-populated urban center (i.e. Manhattan), SCP-602 requires special considerations for containment.
Apt. ███ must remain locked from the outside with both mechanical locks and concealed electronic locks. No one may enter or remove anything from Apt. ███ without Level 4 authorization.
Apt. ███, the entire first floor and basement, and all unoccupied units at ██ Greene St are collectively designated Containment Site-28. The remaining units in the building are occupied by civilians who have lived there since SCP-602 was initially contained. These units will be acquired by the Foundation as they are vacated, but occupants will not be directly forced out of their apartments. However, all measures short of lethal force have been authorized to keep civilians out of Site-28 areas, up to and including non-lethal force and use of Class-A amnestics. To date, the Foundation has acquired █ of the ██ units in the building. See Document 602-S28 for more information.
As of 12/11/2006, SCP-603 is stored on a dedicated computer system in Laboratory 12-A, Observation room 1. The system may be accessed remotely via Foundation intranet. Personnel wishing to access SCP-603 must apply for a temporary password to allow them access to the system. A standard SCP-603 password will expire 24 hours after being issued. If access to SCP-603 for longer than 24 hours is required, please contact Dr. Brown. Physical access to Observation Room 1 without direct authorization from Dr. Brown is prohibited.
SCP-603 should never be left to run unattended.
SCP-604 consists of a set of objects which all exhibit the same properties, and are contained together. Access is restricted to authorized personnel, and anyone attempting to access the containment area without authorization will be immediately detained. All interaction and testing must be cleared with Site Command.
Any staff interacting with SCP-604 must submit to psychological testing before and after interaction. Requests for reports on testing events, subject reactions, and audio/video recordings must be cleared with Central Records, and may not be removed from the record reviewing area.
SCP-605 is impossible to contain with currently available resources; all Foundation efforts are currently directed at regulating its behavior and suppressing public knowledge of its existence.
Foundation tracking teams are permanently stationed outside a 15 km radius safe zone from SCP-605, and are equipped with large unmanned aerial vehicles that can be used in case SCP-605 enters an active state.
SCP-606 is currently housed of its own will in an unfurnished 20mx25mx8m cell at Site ██, the entrance to which is sealed by two 25cm steel blast doors on either side of an airlock. No personnel are to enter SCP-606's containment cell except under controlled testing circumstances or with authorisation from a staff member of level 4 clearance or higher. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Due to SCP-606's non-corporeal nature, no reliable security measures in case of a containment breach have been developed at this time. In the event of such a breach, all personnel should refer to Plan ETA-SIX.
Through use of a mobile remotely operated device, SCP-606 is to be provided with an ordinary USB flash storage device containing no less than 2MB of data every 12 hours. The data contained on the device is to be left to the discretion of SCP-606's supervisor, but text from classic literature or encyclopaedias, movie clips or audio files of historical speeches are ideal. In an emergency situation this may be substituted with 'data' in any form, such as print, compact discs or video tapes. A careful record of all data provided to SCP-606 must be kept. SCP-606 should not be given repeated information except in an emergency situation. No material pertaining to the Foundation or other anomalous objects should be provided to SCP-606 under any circumstances.
Subject currently resides with Agent █████, who it has chosen as its "owner". Both Agent █████ and SCP-607 are to be placed under full surveillance for study, and Agent █████ is to report to Dr. █████ for psychiatric evaluation every two weeks. A task force should be ready at all times with at least one (1) D-class personnel on hand for subject to "imprint" on in the case of the death of SCP-607 or Agent █████. When not being directly held or monitored by Agent █████, SCP-607 is kept shackled and bound in a small, portable containment chamber. The containment chamber is designed to immobilize SCP-607, allowing medical personnel to insert feeding tubes, IV drips, catheters, and other life-support devices. Due to the nature of SCP-607, Agent █████ has elected to keep the portable containment chamber on his person or in his immediate vicinity at all times.
SCP-608 is to be held in a vacuum chamber at all times while not the subject of active research. Magnetic levitation is to be used to suspend the object in the center of the chamber. In the event of either of these measures failing, a class-3 evacuation of non-essential personnel is to be undertaken, and containment measures are to be restored as soon as possible. If containment failure persists for more than one hour, a class-4 evacuation of personnel not actively involved in the containment of the item is to be undertaken. In the event of superpressurization for whatever reason, a class-5 evacuation and cleanup must be performed immediately.
SCP-609 is to be stored in individual opaque containers inside a locker at Research Facility 5. All personnel must conduct Protocol 94-Wegner-Gyatso before observing any number of SCP-609-1 to ensure a clear and focused mind. Agents who locate instances of SCP-609-1 are to immediately break visual contact until the object is contained. UPDATE ██/██/██: SCP-609 has been transferred. It is now to be contained in opaque, locked bins at Storage Site 32.
Because control of SCP-609-1 is highly difficult due to ironic-process theory, only trained researchers with Level 2 Clearance and above are permitted to view it for experimental purposes.
SCP-609-A is to be secured in Storage Locker 11 at Research Facility 5. Viewing the text of SCP-609-A, in whole or in part, requires permission from the head researcher.
Due to the vast area of 'infection' SCP-610 covers, containment is impossible. Isolation of the area has proved far more effective and permission has been granted by the Russian government to establish a perimeter to keep people out of these areas under the guise of military operations.
Should any organism displaying traits consistent with SCP-610 be sighted near this perimeter then the established protocol requires it be engaged at range with small arms until immobile then dispatched using incendiary weapons and munitions from as great a distance as possible. Any living thing coming in physical contact with an organism infected with SCP-610 is considered expendable and is to be immediately terminated and incinerated. Any persons coming within three meters of SCP-610 infected life are to immediately withdraw from the area, be isolated from the rest of their team, and subjected to medical examination using only remote techniques to determine if infection has occurred and appropriate steps taken based on that determination.
At present the known infection vectors for SCP-610's spread seem to be focused on physical contact. Drone movements within heavily infected areas have returned air samples containing minute particulate which when exposed to organic compounds will result in the spread of SCP-610. The results of these particular tests have revealed that most require several days to manifest if at all, with the exception of direct contact with exposed lung and liver tissue. These particular tests show a rapid rate of growth which requires incineration of the testing environment no more than twenty-four hours after initial exposure, with even a two-hour mishap risking a compromised facility event. Given that this kind of rapid growth only occurs in organic material existing outside the human body, this form of infection is currently considered a minor concern.
These peculiarities have given rise to a series of questions regarding the possible origin of the infection in conjunction with the failed [DATA EXPUNGED]. Containment protocol remains at a scorched earth policy at this time and no concern for transmission via water or air at infection parameters exists barring situational changes in the field.
SCP-611 must be sealed within its specified enclosure at all times. SCP-611 should be provided with one piece of rotting meat per week, as per dietary standards. Current information suggests that beef tongue, aged at room temperature for roughly two weeks, provides the best nutritional results while limiting breeding.
A technician specializing in insecta must maintain the enclosure. Technicians performing maintenance on the enclosure must wear full biohazard suits to prevent possible infestation. While performing any maintenance, the temperature should be lowered to 10°C, which will lower the activity level of SCP-611 significantly. After maintenance has completed, biohazard suits must be completely sterilized and cleaned.
Following Incident 611-1, SCP-611 has been relocated to a lower level. No food products may be allowed on the same containment level as SCP-611.
All specimens of SCP-612 are to be kept in Containment Cell █ in Site-██, attached to sockets appropriate to their form. The walls, floor, and ceiling of the chamber will be checked for physical breach every fifteen (15) minutes. An electric meter, installed outside the cell, will remain connected to a remote monitor. Any significant power flux is to be logged and reported immediately to Dr. █████, as well as on-site maintenance personnel. Testing indicates that a 1 M solution of aqueous sodium chloride stuns SCP-612, rendering it temporarily inert; therefore, a delivery system is to remain charged and ready for immediate use. Weekly testing is mandatory. The walls of the containment cell are to be lined with conductive metallic mesh, permanently connected to ground, and the cell's exit is to be charged with a potential exceeding 1 kV. All power to the cell is to be generated locally to prevent SCP-612 from accessing the primary grid. As SCP-612's containment is not yet complete, all personnel are advised to keep alert for any cable which exhibits unusual activity, including but not limited to: unexplained power flux, unstimulated movement, and [DATA EXPUNGED].
07/09/██: All personnel assigned to SCP-612 must wear Faraday suits capable of discharging an electric potential in excess of 2 kV.
Foundation assets are to monitor all reports of anomalies similar to SCP-613-1 and investigate if necessary. All instances of SCP-613 are to be kept in Safe  in containment are to be tagged with stickers listing their names and the temperature at which they rose.
SCP-614 itself cannot be contained until knowledge is gained about the whereabouts of the server hosting SCP-614. Until then, knowledge of SCP-614 must be prevented from entering the public. Distributing the IP address of SCP-614 to unauthorized personnel is prohibited. Agents are to periodically take measures to make sure that access to SCP-614 is blocked at all internet service providers.
SCP-615 is to be kept in a secure enclosure constructed of inorganic materials. Under no circumstances is organic matter, especially plant matter, to be allowed within SCP-615's enclosure without the approval of a Level 4 researcher. For safety reasons, and because of SCP-615's aggressive and territorial nature, personnel are not allowed to enter the enclosure without a security detail armed with incendiary weaponry.
In the event of a containment breach, all personnel in the area are to immediately evacuate and avoid SCP-615 at all costs. Containment teams armed with incendiary weaponry must be used to force SCP-615 back into its enclosure. In the event that such a tactic is impossible, security teams are authorized to terminate SCP-615.
SCP-616 is to be kept in Site [REDACTED]. While grounded, repair personnel of a clearance level of two (2) or above are allowed to enter the craft, and must conduct thorough pre-flight inspections to ascertain that SCP-616 is ready for flight. However, repair personnel are to maintain a distance of at least three (3) meters from SCP-616-1. On flight days, only ordained and believing ministers of an Abrahamic faith with security clearance of level four or above may enter the aircraft, and must remain at least 0.94 m (3 ft 1 in) from the threshold of SCP-616-1 at all times whilst the craft is grounded.
SCP-616-1 should be kept from closing at all costs once activated. This necessitates a monthly manned flight. Failure to keep SCP-616-1 from closing will require initiation of Procedure 600-Shoki.
Each flight, seven (7) archbishops, ordained and believing in an Abrahamic faith, must surround SCP-616-1. Prayer directed at SCP-616-1 is to be sustained during the whole duration of the flight, usually three (3) to seven (7) hours. Prayer must be sustained by all able subjects, but once SCP-616-1 has activated, previously established distance restrictions no longer apply; subjects are in fact encouraged to try to physically stop SCP-616-1 from closing, though extreme caution must be taken to keep any personnel from falling through the threshold as that will likely result in [DATA EXPUNGED]. In addition, one (1) Foundation agent trained in flying commercial aircraft is to pilot SCP-616 through a pre-designed flight path, and must be able to maintain radio contact and information of events in SCP-616. Under no circumstances is the pilot cleared to approach SCP-616-1 once flight has begun. All personnel should be supplied with any religious paraphernalia they request before flight time. No extraneous personnel are to be present during flight for any reason, as they will likely be killed by SCP-616's activation, and provide corpses for reanimation or [DATA EXPUNGED].
The Roman Catholic Pope (or a similar Abrahamic religious figure) must bless the aircraft in accordance with the appropriate religious ceremony once per full year. The official must report to the Foundation and arrive physically at the Containment Site at least three days prior to the year elapsing. Failure to do so may result in the door opening, resulting in [DATA EXPUNGED]. In the unlikely event that any official misses the ceremony, a substitute of equal rank must be on hand to replace him or her.
Furthermore, two ███ nuclear devices with a combined yield of ██ megatons are to be armed inside the aircraft at all times. In the event of an XK-Class End-of-the-World scenario, or if the door closes during flight, resulting in [DATA EXPUNGED], [DATA EXPUNGED], or transfers hostile beings in large numbers, these devices are to be detonated if Procedure 600-Shoki cannot be enacted.
Those with Clearance 4 or higher, please see [DOCUMENT SCP-616 CP3]
SCP-617 is to be kept in a soundproof container at all times. When in storage, SCP-617 must be kept in its soundproof containment cell and its "mouth" kept zipped at all times except for experiments and scheduled feeding periods. All personnel entering SCP-617's containment area must wear hearing protection devices as a precautionary measure. SCP-617 cannot be taken from its containment cell without approval from a level 4 researcher, and must always be kept within its secure container when being moved.
In the event of a containment breach, SCP-617 must be retrieved by personnel with proper hearing protection. The entire sector must be locked down and all personnel thoroughly searched until SCP-617 is contained.
All instances of SCP-618 are kept in individual airtight containers within a larger climate controlled humidor. The climate control system for the humidor has been adapted to collect all products of SCP-618 and store them in pressurized tanks.
All personnel who interact with SCP-618 are to wear level A/type 1 hazardous material protective suits. In the event of accidental exposure to the byproducts of SCP-618, personnel are authorized to request termination prior to the onset of anomalous effects.
SCP-619 is currently housed in storage locker 15-a-2 at Site 21. Currency retrieved from SCP-619 is to be kept in storage locker 15-a-3.
Testing on SCP-619 has been suspended. SCP-619's right pocket has been stapled shut. Should testing on SCP-619 be reinstated, access Archived Document 619-T for testing procedures.
SCP-620 is not considered a direct hazard as such. It is currently located in Site-██’s accounting department Its containment procedures exist to create an environment where researchers can study its effects without being exposed to them.
SCP-620 is to be mounted to a large two-way mirror sepaposure is not considered dangerous.
SCP-620 is currently connected directly to Site-██’s power supply following Incident SCP-620-█. Any signs of wires needing repair must be reported to Site-██ maintenance staff immediately.
All instances of SCP-621 are to be kept in the Site 16 greenhouse and watered regularly. Seeds and pollen from SCP-621 are not to be released into the wild. No instances of SCP-621 are to be released for commercial trade, given as gifts, used as props, used as bribes, or stored in personnel offices. Personnel are advised to not look at SCP-621 for extended periods of time.
Addendum 621-3: Personnel are advised not to look at SCP-621 through sunglasses, which has recently been shown to increase SCP-621's mental effects. Only unfiltered lab goggles may be worn around SCP-621. It should be of additional note that unfiltered lab goggles, lab glass, or other transparent obstructions will not shield SCP-621's effects.
Any instances of SCP-621 found in the wild are to be exterminated immediately. Any instances of SCP-621 found in public are to be confiscated and whoever in possession at the time be taken in for questioning. Civilians actively watering SCP-621 in the wild are to be detained and the instances of SCP-621 to be confiscated. Be warned that some may use physical force in order to protect SCP-621.
Cross-pollination of SCP-621 species will require clearance from Command-level Personnel. No cross-pollinations may be done for personal reasons.
All cans and containers of SCP-622 are to be immediately transferred to Site 16. The formula for SCP-622 must be contained from the public by any means necessary. Any commercial trade of products containing SCP-622 should be documented and preferably intercepted before delivery. Any persons/organizations in possession of SCP-622 are to be taken in for questioning.
Handling SCP-622 will require seal-proof gloves, hand lotion, and at least one (1) canteen of water per personnel present.
In the event of a containment breach, the immediate area affected by SCP-622 is to be quarantined for no less than twenty-four (24) hours and hosed down with regular water shortly after.
Addendum 622-1: In light of Tests 622-1 through 622-3, all future testing of SCP-622 must take place outside of Site 16’s air circulation system.
Addendum 622-2: SCP-622 is not to be used outside under any circumstances. Additional containment procedures are only available to Security Level 4 Personnel and above, as per Protocol [REDACTED].
SCP-623 is located in the ████████ annex of ███████ University. The entrance to SCP-623 is to be guarded by two (2) Level 3 Security personnel at all times. In-room monitoring must take place every hour for no longer than five (5) minutes. Extended observation of SCP-623 is done from an external observation room through remote monitoring devices. Personnel operating within the observation room are required to switch out every five (5) minutes. An additional Level 3 Security Guard is required to escort any observers out of the observation room and must not enter until needed.
All personnel subjected to SCP-623 for longer than five (5) minutes are to be taken for psychological reevaluation, regardless of direct or indirect exposure.
No photos, videos, or sound recordings are permitted near SCP-623. Sketch-drawings and mock-ups must be approved by command-level personnel before being released. All photos, mockups, or recreations of SCP-623 are to be destroyed immediately.
SCP-623 may safely come into contact with room-altering SCPs, as any major alterations to the room neutralizes SCP-623's effect. However, room-altering SCPs will still carry their same inherent dangers.
Addendum 623-1: All testing on individual subjects may last no longer than six hours. Security monitoring observing personnel are now required to remove observing personnel before the fifth minute has elapsed; possibly earlier if needed.
SCP-624 is to be stored in Site 16's safe storage room and charged frequently by testing personnel. Testing is open to all Site 16 personnel with proper clearance. Personal access to SCP-624 is otherwise restricted. SCP-624 is not to be taken off of Site 16 unless in the event of an emergency.
SCP-624 must be listened to through regular headphones before being played on regular speakers. SCP-624 is not to be played at Site 16’s social functions for entertainment due to containment protocol and possible risk of humiliation of Site 16 personnel.
Audio created by SCP-624 is not to be sold commercially, nor shared through filesharing networks.
Addendum 624-1: Personnel who do not listen to music, do not like music, or have zero musical influences are not allowed to test SCP-624. See Test Log 624-1.
All specimens of SCP-625 are to be contained within a 5m x 5m x 7m room constructed of reinforced concrete at Site 19, Wing 8. The door to this room is located approximately five meters from the floor and opens to a balcony with a railing. Use of the installed platform elevator system is required to access SCP-625 specimens. The following features are also present in SCP-625's cell:

Five high-powered ceiling-mounted flood lamps. These are to remain off except when personnel are present in the containment chamber, in which case they will remain active until all personnel have exited the cell.
Four ceiling-mounted security cameras. The feed from these cameras is monitored for unusual activity by personnel at Security Station A85.
One device designed to emit randomized ultrasonic noise when active. This is to be activated only during security breaches or if a security breach is deemed imminent. Identical devices are installed in the remainder of Wing 8 for the same purpose.

Seventeen specimens of SCP-625 are currently in containment; more are believed to exist in the wild. Police reports suggesting SCP-625 presence must be investigated.
Routine maintenance and feeding of SCP-625 and its cell is to be performed daily by Level 1 personnel in accordance with Procedure 625-M once daily. Livestock has been deemed the safest and most cost-effective food for SCP-625.
Update February 25, 1995: SCP-625 may not be exposed to other rodents under any circumstances. Further testing on SCP-625 requires authorization from Dr. MacGregor (4-625/1515/2114/4123). Further, any specimen of SCP-625 that has consumed human flesh on more than one occasion must be terminated. The body may be disposed of in Site 19's incinerator.
SCP-626 is to be kept in a standard lockbox at Site-19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. Research is currently suspended, pending review; see below.
One Class-D personnel, designated D-627, is to be assigned to SCP-627. This assignment is for life. As long as the Class-D is so assigned, he is rendered exempt from the monthly terminations. SCP-627 is to be kept in a stone basin, approximately one meter across. Once daily, SCP-627 is to be removed from its basin so that lubrication may be applied to the basin. Once weekly, SCP-627 is to be removed so that the basin may be inspected for wear. The basin is to be replaced if it shows signs of wearing out.
Testing on SCP-627 is currently denied to all researchers.
SCP-628 is contained in Bio Research Site-104, built on-site at █████ ██ ███████. The perimeter of its containment is to be clearly marked by a circle of 3-m wire fence no less than 1 km from the perimeter of the copse. Non-Class-D personnel are not to enter the perimeter without appropriate hearing protection and seismic sensors. Protective gear sufficient for all personnel on-site must be available at all times. All structures on-site, and especially the listening post constructed just outside the perimeter fence, must conform to the stringent earthquake- and wind-proofing building codes laid out in Document 628-03.
Personnel assigned to Site-104 should preferably be selected for a low absolute threshold of hearing. All newly-assigned personnel should be briefed on the visual and emotional effects of infrasound. A brief training course on distinguishing these effects from normal human affect is to be made available on-site.
The weather at Site-104 must be monitored carefully. In the event of a sudden increase in wind speed, the presiding researcher is to be notified. In the event that any winds in excess of 50 km/hr are observed, all personnel are to evacuate to Site-104's soundproofed shelters. Observation may be continued via ground sensors, remote drones, or D-class personnel.
Botanical personnel stationed at Site-104 are to monitor SCP-628 and maintain it in good health. Regular consultation with MTF Theta-4 ("Gardeners") has been scheduled for this purpose.
SCP-629 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-629 may only be taken apart during routine testing. Once per day, SCP-629 is to be provided with the materials it uses to maintain itself. As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-629 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
SCP-630 is contained ██ m underground, in the remains of a copper mine, ██ km north of ████, Peru (██° ██' ██" S, ██° ██' ██" W). The chamber containing SCP-630 is to be as brightly lit as resources allow using LED and fluorescent lights and sealed behind blast doors. Weekly maintenance is to be performed by class D personnel only, including:

Inspecting and replacing any burnt out lights.
Use of provided GPS and sonar rangefinders to measure and plot movement of the leading edge of SCP-630.

Since the ████ copper mine lies in one of the harshest desert environments on the planet and contains no other SCP entities, containment is as simple as restricting access to the mine and proper handling of persons affected. SCP-630 is estimated to move at a rate of 30 meters a year through an extensive system of caverns, and research is being conducted on its future path as well as mapping expeditions into the caves. As long as it remains contained, SCP-630's movement is not projected to pose a direct threat to populated areas.
Handling of any samples of SCP-630 or affected materials is to be done only with full reflective thermal gear. Any person exposed to direct skin contact with SCP-630 is to be considered dangerous and is classified as SCP-630-1. Exposed subjects are to be quarantined until arrangements can be made for their disposal. Samples of SCP-630 and remains of SCP-630-1 subjects are to be disposed of by ignition from a distance with a mixture of aluminum and sodium hydroxide.
Extermination procedures for SCP-631 are to remain in effect until further notice. Information regarding civilian disappearances in SCP-631's environment (urban and suburban areas of the United States) is to be monitored, with particular regards to the areas outlined in Document-631-T. Disappearances related or believed to be related to SCP-631 are to be filtered (standard media blackout procedures apply). Said incidents are to be investigated promptly, and should an instance of SCP-631 be identified, it must be terminated immediately. In the event that no SCP-631 are in Foundation custody, the instance must be captured instead. Agents involved in SCP-631 recovery or termination must be supplied with thermal imaging equipment.
Mobile Task Forces Nu-11 and Omicron-17 are to be regularly deployed to the areas outlined in Document-631-T. The airspace of these areas is to be thoroughly examined via thermal imaging for SCP-631 instances.
One instance of SCP-631 is to remain in containment for study and secured in a concrete cell. The instance must be restrained at all times and exposed to artificial sunlight. It is to remain pacified by Serum-631-Gamma and delivered sustenance via IV feeding. Should the organism's status deteriorate, one (1) D-Class personnel may be allotted for SCP-631's natural feeding and reproduction activity. All the produced offspring save for one are to be terminated and the remaining instance is to be contained as instructed above.
A live colony of SCP-632 is currently kept in a 20cm x 40cm x 20cm sealed enclosure in the Biological Containment Wing of Site-52. Sufficient amounts of prey insects and water must be administered weekly through a vacuum chute at the side of the enclosure. Both live and deceased samples of SCP-632 must be handled by personnel wearing full-body respiratory protective gear. Skin contact with SCP-632 instances is to be avoided at all times.
Personnel reporting headaches, sensations of spider silk on skin, and intrusive thoughts about spiders must submit to MRI scans to determine the presence of SCP-632 manifestation. Affected individuals are to be sedated and restrained before the onset of late-stage manifestation, and any newly-formed SCP-632 instances are to be surgically removed.
Uncontained instances of SCP-632 in the wild are to be destroyed on sight.
SCP-633's containment chamber, located in Site-77, is an underground Faraday cage. Access is restricted to Level 3/633 personnel. The network controlled by SCP-633 is to be communicated with through an Apple Macintosh 520kb computer. In addition, three Apple II+ computers with Disc II 5 1/4 floppy disc drives are to be given a monthly software rotation. As the original usable software library of the machines has been completely used as of 21/2/2014, new software is being developed by internal development teams.
Biohazard gear is required when servicing or interacting with SCP-633 in order to prevent infection. Once per week, researchers are to enter the SCP-633 containment area to drain it of fluids and provide regularly scheduled interactions. An understanding of late 1970’s technology and cultural references is necessary to prevent accidental introduction of banned ideas to SCP-633.
The proposal to interface additional 8-bit game or computing machines is under consideration, however the consequences of introducing SCP-633 to the concept of 'newer' computers in a way it could fully understand may cause unforeseen consequences. The Sector-633 protocol requires all computational devices created post-1979 to be checked-in before entering the SCP-633 containment area.
SCP-634 is to be kept in a 37.85 L (10 gal) tank in the center of a 10 m x 10 m room. The tank shall include a filtration device, an aerator, a heater set to maintain a constant temperature of 25˚C, and an automatic feeder set to dispense 10 mL of standard goldfish food twice a day. Tank and walls of room will have posted message "DO NOT PUT HANDS INSIDE TANK" at regularly spaced intervals.
A team of no fewer than three D-Class personnel shall be assigned to weekly replace 50% of the tank's water and clean tank as needed. Team will be provided with constant oral instructions over the intercom system. On alternating weeks, team will provide SCP-634 with 12 g of uncooked meat.
All ██ volumes of SCP-635-1 are to be kept in a dedicated library room at Site-██ with a climate controlled environment maintaining a constant 13 degrees Celsius and a humidity of between 35% and 45%. HVAC systems shall use HEPA filtration to keep atmospheric contaminants to a minimum. Lighting exposure to contained objects shall be limited to 50 lux a day. Experiments on original volumes of SCP-635-1 are discouraged due to their fragility and will only be approved in an attempt at recovery of lost data. A digital copy of the text of SCP-635-1 is available in standard encrypted format for research purposes with level 3 approval.
Personnel exposed to SCP-635-1’s text must be quarantined on-site until all symptoms of exposure cease, generally 72 hours after exposure. Such personnel must only be provided with tools and/or equipment as part of a controlled experiment in a secure environment.
Instances of SCP-635-2 and SCP-635-3 are to be contained in secure rooms with armored walls and disassembled when no longer being used for testing. Any instance of SCP-635-4 or greater is to be treated as an imminent containment breach and be neutralized immediately via Procedure Capek-Omega-635.


Instance of SCP-635-2 created by Dr. ████ during experiment on ██/██/████


The building containing SCP-636 has been officially condemned for supposed mold contamination, and the lot fenced off to prevent unwanted intrusion. A minimum of two (2) armed, undercover guards are to be posted at ground level and any unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the building must be detained and questioned. Any experimentation on SCP-636 must only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) level 3 personnel.
When inactive, SCP-637 is contained entirely within the consciousness of SCP-637-2. SCP-637-2 is to be held at Site 17 in a low-security room. Anything it requests is to be given, as long as it does not violate standard procedure. However, any requests for pencils, pens, sketchpads, or any marking implement, are to be denied and reported to Dr. ████████████. (The issue has been raised that if SCP-637-2 wanted marking devices, it could use a fluid such as blood or urine, but the subject has not displayed a marked interest in drawing. It is agreed, however, that it is wise not to tempt fate.) Subject is to be fed 3 times per day and whenever it requests food.
SCP-638 is to remain in lock-down at Site-33 at all times. Female personnel are not to interact with SCP-638 in any way nor come within thirty (30) meters of SCP-638's containment cell. SCP-638's cell is ten (10) meters by fifteen (15) meters. Ongoing attempts at operant conditioning of SCP-638 incorporates rewards and punishments through room furnishings. SCP-638 has responded well to this conditioning, despite an incident during which it seems SCP-638 discerned the nature of the conditioning and became enraged. Any of these items may be removed as a result of misbehavior by SCP-638. SCP-638's containment cell currently contains:
Twenty (20) inches of dirt over the concrete floor, covered in grass.
Three (3) potted Olive trees (Olea europaea).
One (1) trellis of Common Ivy (Hedera helix).
Botanical grow lights and automated watering system to maintain the grass and other plants.
SCP-638 has special dietary concerns. SCP-638 seems unwilling or unable to ingest any cooked food. Testing determined that raw meat, from any mammal, will sustain SCP-638. SCP-638 also demands wine constantly, though it is restricted as a special reward.
SCP-639 is to be kept in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever the subject requires so long as the items do not threaten security. SCP-639 should not leave containment area without an escort of at least one security guard, and should not be allowed to mingle with site personnel.
SCP-640 is to be kept inside an ellipsoidal room with a uniformly-reflective interior, such as nickel or chromium plating. The atmosphere in the room must be maintained at a temperature of between 260 and 307 K, at a relative humidity of 50% or less. Temperatures and humidities outside these limits greatly increase the entity's appetite and aggression and will likely result in personnel casualties.
The confinement chamber must be equipped with a light-tight airlock fitting equipped with an electronic interlock to prevent both doors from being simultaneously opened. Though SCP-640 is not known to be able to assume a gaseous form, these doors should be airtight and, if possible, watertight to facilitate emergency containment measures.
All personnel entering the containment facility must wear reflective suits including anti-IR face shields. Exposure time shall be limited to no more than 30 minutes without O5-level consent. All personnel shall receive a dose of amphetamine, modafinil, or caffeine prior to exposure; resistance, intolerance, or allergy to these drugs is an absolute contraindication to assignment to the SCP-640 study team.
When not in use by researchers or containment teams, the doll is to be stored under lock and key in an on-site safety deposit box. The box should be lined with felt and filled with packing materials in order to ensure its safety.
Both SCP-642-1 and SCP-642-2 have been fenced off and designated as sites of high radioactivity not currently suitable for remediation. Monitoring by Foundation personnel to prevent civilian access is ongoing.
Under no circumstances are human males with functioning testicular tissue to come into contact with SCP-642-1 or samples taken from SCP-642-1. Females with functional ovarian tissue should observe strict Foundation pregnancy prevention protocols while monitoring or working with SCP-642-1, as well as refraining from ingestion of or immersion in the SCP's waters. It is recommended that intact males of any mammalian species not involved in Foundation experimental procedures be kept three (3) meters away from SCP-642-1 at all times, as should Foundation personnel with known thermal sensitivity issues.
SCP-642-2 poses no hazard to male personnel beyond ambient temperatures, but pregnant female personnel who intend to remain pregnant must remain three (3) meters away from SCP-642-2's borders for the duration of their pregnancies.
SCP-643 is to be contained in a cold storage cell located at Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The ambient temperature of the room that SCP-643 is contained in must never exceed 10° Celsius. Any circumstance resulting in the temperature rising above this threshold is to be treated as a potential containment breach. Personnel handling SCP-643, or performing testing in its liquid state, are required to wear a hazmat suit equipped with a self-contained breathing apparatus.
SCP-644 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. All staff or D-class in Site-██ known to have children are to be briefed of SCP-644's anomalous effects. Staff with children may opt out of testing with SCP-644 at any time.
SCP-645 is to be kept in a padded crate two (2) meters by two (2) meters by one (1) meter. Personnel within a ten (10)-meter radius of SCP-645 are to refrain from all statements which may be considered untruthful or deceitful.
SCP-645 is to be cleaned after each activation.
SCP-646 is kept in customized Containment Unit 9277 in Bio-Site 66. The floor is to be rinsed daily, and drain grates are to be checked weekly for buildup.
Personnel are to wash SCP-646 once every two weeks with warm water and gentle scrubbing tools. Basic Low-Hazard decontamination showers are to be performed by personnel after this wash.
Subject does not seem to require sustenance; a daily serving of 10 kilograms high-quality edible material is allotted to promote (relative) activity.
All species of offspring are to be examined and logged. If any presiding researchers identify offspring they deem worthy of further research, personnel are to follow appropriate protocols. All unwanted offspring are to be immediately destroyed.
SCP-647 is contained in a standard 3 meter by 3 meter biological holding cell. SCP-647 is to be monitored continuously via video feed.
Once per week, a dead (less than 2 days or fully-thawed cryogenically-preserved) human body or animal bodies of at least 45 kg is to be placed into SCP-647. Following the completion of SCP-647's digestive cycle, the enclosure is to be cleaned by D-class personnel. Feeding and cleaning to be supervised by a Level 2 staff member. Any changes in behavior (see Document 647FBL) are to be recorded in Document 647FBL and reported to the HMCL Supervisor on duty.
As SCP-648 cannot be moved, it is contained on-site under the cover of a secondary entrance that is closed indefinitely for maintenance. At least two (2) armed, undercover guards disguised as site workers must be on duty at all times, and any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-648 must be detained for questioning.
Exploration or experimentation within SCP-648 may only be performed with prior permission from at least one (1) level 4 personnel.
SCP-649 is to be kept closed in a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. It should not be opened unless testing is being performed. SCP-649 is not to be moved from its containment chamber unless testing is being performed. In case of containment failure, heating implements should be placed in the cell to inhibit SCP-649's effect.
SCP-650 is to be stored in a lockable room at least 4 meters by 4 meters, with comfortable lighting. It must remain under constant surveillance by no less than three (3) personnel. Observers are to position themselves so that the SCP and at least one additional observer are in their line of sight at all times.
Observation via remote methods such as security cameras is permissible, so long as concentration is not broken at any time. This method should only be used in case of emergency, however, due to the possibility of accidental loss of sight.
Subjects infected with SCP-651 are to be kept and treated in the secure medical wing of Site-██. Any secretions of SCP-651 patients should be disposed of in the manner detailed in protocol 9913-B. Access to SCP-651 patients by non-medical personnel is subject to O5 approval.
SCP-652 is to be kept in standard domestic-animal facilities. The room requires basic furnishings for SCP-652 and its handler – bedding, food, water and so on. SCP-652 and its handler are permitted to roam the facility grounds at will.
Personnel who come in contact with SCP-652 are not permitted to wear heavy boots: SCP-652 is badly frightened by such boots, and by anyone wearing them. For the same reason, personnel who come in contact with SCP-652 are not permitted to grow beards.
SCP-652's vocalizations are to be recorded and preserved for analysis; special note is to be taken of any mentions of the phrases "ash cloud", "hurricane", and/or "radiation".
SCP-653 is to be kept in a securely locked box in Storage Room B at Site-██. The keys to the box are to be in the possession of Researcher ██████. Removal of SCP-653 requires at least two armed guards.
If skin contact is made with SCP-653 outside of experimental conditions, the affected individual is to be separated from SCP-653 and taken in for testing. Test subjects are to be kept under sedation in order to prevent self-injury while attempting to re-acquire SCP-653. Due to many individuals having become obsessed with SCP-653 prior to containment (see Addendum), people may attempt to enter Site-██ in order to regain possession of SCP-653. These individuals are to be apprehended and brought into Site-██ for testing.
A habitat has been constructed for SCP-654 in Sub-Level 12 of Sector-28. The chamber is to be kept at a temperature of approximately -5 °C, and saltwater is to be circulated throughout the aquatic enclosure. Chamber walls outside of the aquatic enclosure have been plated with insulating ceramic composite.
A staff of handlers, composed of Security Clearance Level 1 personnel and headed by staff marine biologist Dr. Earles, works in shifts of three in eight hour rotations to maintain feeding and medical examination schedules.
Cleaning of the habitat is assigned to standard Sub-Level custodial staff, to whom personal Plexiglas shielding is allotted in case of incident.
Site-731 has been established at the premises of SCP-655. Personnel are advised that due to chronic political instability in the regime of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, no recognition of Site-731 as a Foundation asset exists at a national level. Site-731's activities occur under the auspices of Kreutzfeld Pharmaceuticals GmbH, a Foundation front organization, and the facility is to maintain cover as a tropical infectious disease research outpost.
Site-731 security protocols are set at Code Green, and security personnel are to be attired and equipped as members of a mid-sized private military contractor. Subsequent to the events of 07/29/2002 (see Incident Report 655-48 for details), Site-731 security personnel must receive specific authorization from the Level 4 Central African Affairs Coordinator prior to actively engaging armed groups approaching the security perimeter of SCP-655.
All SCP-655-A specimens are to be cataloged and observed for a minimum of two weeks when possible. At the discretion of the Site Director, specimens may either be held for observation indefinitely after this initial period, or euthanized, autopsied, and preserved in the Site-731 biological archives.
Any instances of SCP-656 must be kept in a low-humidity area for preservation. Any requests for testing must be run by Dr. ████████.
SCP-657 is to be kept in a room 8m x 8m at Site-19 with a queen sized bed and any other reasonable furnishings as requested by SCP-657.
SCP-657 is allowed to freely move about the grounds of Site-19, so long as SCP-657 is accompanied by at least one staff member of at least level-2 security. Following experiment 657/076, SCP-657 is no longer allowed to leave his room. SCP-657 is to be allowed additional leeway with requests for entertainment following this loss of freedom in order to ensure the mental health of SCP-657. Two staff members of at least level-2 security are to be stationed at SCP-657's room in order to monitor SCP-657 and ensure that he does not leave. Staff members are to avoid physical contact with SCP-657 unless it becomes necessary to restrain him or for his own safety.
SCP-657 is to be fed three meals per day, provided with a daily multivitamin, and given a supply of medication for the treatment of his arthritis.
Any small instance of SCP-658 (measuring no more than 50 cm in the largest dimension), when not involved in experimentation, is to be stored, alone, within a steel box preferably kept closed via simple low-tech means, such as tying with strings or duct tape, or weighing down the lid. Boxes with external mechanical or electronic locks are to be avoided for this purpose; boxes with mechanisms accessible from the inside must not be used.
Larger instances of SCP-658 are to be destroyed as soon as possible.
Unless exposure is necessary for sake of experimentation, every instance of SCP-658 is to be kept at least 3 meters from all electronic devices, as well as all noticeably complex mechanical machinery; when in doubt as to whether an item belongs to such a category, personnel are to err on the side of caution. Devices affected by SCP-658, when not used for experimentation, are to be destroyed. Machinery affected by SCP-658 must not be connected to an electrical outlet for any amount of time.
All specimens of SCP-659 must be kept at least twenty-five (25) meters distant from each other. Ideally, specimens should be stored in separate facilities, but research has shown that 25 meters is sufficient to prevent flock behavior (Document 659-██). Specimens of SCP-659 can be held in containment able to hold an ordinary bird; however, the containment strategy must be changed at least once per week. More frequent changes are permitted if the specimen appears to have discovered an escape method. Previously used containment strategies must not be recycled on the same specimen. In the event of catastrophic containment failure total facility lockdown must be enacted. Due to the likely harmless nature of SCP-659, retrieval of wild specimens is not considered a priority. Recovery or extermination of all wild SCP-659 is extremely high priority; formation of a wild flock must be prevented by any means necessary.
SCP-660 may be safely stored in a standard locked safe-deposit box, provided its mouth remains covered with an inert Perspex disc and sealed with affixed tamper-proof strips. SCP-660 may be checked out for testing and research with the written approval of staff of Level 3 clearance or higher.
Human testing of SCP-660 is discontinued.
SCP-661 is confined to a standard holding cell measuring 6m x 8m at ███-██. Standard humanoid containment provision allows SCP-661 access to a bed, toilet, and a sink with a mirror, all of which are currently contained within the holding cell. At subject’s request, the room is kept at an average temperature of 20˚C. All other requests must be approved by a senior staff member.
Guards assigned to SCP-661 must wear ear protection capable of sound neutralization and white noise generation. In the past, guards certified by Foundation medical staff as deaf have been permitted contact with SCP-661 without ear protection; however, this practice is now discouraged. Security cameras monitoring SCP-661 should have sound recording functionality disabled.
All personnel coming into contact with SCP-661 without ear protection are to be assessed to determine if they have come under the influence of his abilities. Where uncertainty exists personnel should be made subject to 24-hour quarantine before reassessment. The cycle of quarantine and reassessment should continue until assessing staff are satisfied that SCP-661’s influence has diminished. Personnel reviewing audio test logs should also be made subject to assessment.
SCP-661 is to be fed three times per day with food from the canteen at ███-██, and is to be provided with drinkable liquids six times a day. Subject has expressed a preference for flavoured drinks instead of water; access to these is permitted as a guarantor of good behaviour, with the privilege temporarily revoked if SCP-661 causes trouble for Foundation staff.
SCP-662 should be kept in its red velvet lined case and stored in High Value Storage locker 23C located at ███████ when not being utilized for testing or other appropriate activities. The item itself is safe to handle, and poses no known threats of any kind, though the effects generated could be considered highly valuable and variably powerful depending upon how the SCP is used.
SCP-663 is to be kept in the second floor break room at Site 19. It is to remain in view of the security cameras, in a marked location near the sink. SCP-663 is not to be touched while processing. Only tap water is to be processed, with the reservoir filled every six hours. In the event that filling the reservoir ceases to effectively subdue SCP-663, it is to be placed in a soundproofed isolation chamber for seven (7) days. The desiccated human heart is then to be removed from the filtration chamber by one Level 2 researcher, and contained for study. The filter core is to be placed back in SCP-663, and then returned to the second floor break room. If SCP-663 is filled more than twice within six hours, it is to immediately be transported to a thermally shielded containment room by Level 1 personnel, and remain under thermal camera observation until it returns to room temperature.
Protocol G-3-16-U (containment of geographically immobile anomaly, urban subset) is to be followed, with a containment perimeter established at the property's boundary.
Testing is disallowed at this time.
SCP-665 is not to leave his room under any circumstances barring a full site evacuation, in which instance a specially designed stainless steel crate has been constructed. SCP-665’s room is to be constructed entirely of stainless steel or a similar metal. SCP-665’s bed is to consist of a single mattress, specifically constructed to have a mass greater than 1000 kg. SCP-665 is only to be fed a specially formulated liquid diet, which is to be dispensed into the drinking glasses fused to his hands. SCP-665 is allowed access to live animals, provided that said animals are not wearing a collar or other similar adornment, and that he does not attempt to feed said animals.
Physical contact with SCP-665 is highly discouraged. If it becomes necessary, it is to be done with bare skin only, and to be kept to a minimum.
SCP-666 is to be stored in a monitored, closed vault at all times at Site 73 in the Tibetan mountains. Guards are to be changed weekly, must pass a background check before being assigned to their post, and proven free of drug and alcohol addiction.
SCP-666 is to be entered only by D-class personnel in approved testing procedures or by approved Foundation researchers with level 4 or higher security clearance. Non-D-class personnel who enter SCP-666, whether or not they have revealed a prior history of addiction, must be observed by a guard at all times. If they show any sign of being affected by SCP-666, they are to be removed immediately.
The primary sample of SCP-667-1 is to be trimmed to an area of 0.5 sq km and maintained regularly to prevent it from expanding outside its current habitat. The perimeter of SCP-667-1's habitat is to be cleared of vegetation in a 30 m radius and fenced to prevent unauthorized access, and a region within a 3 km radius of the habitat is to be designated off-limits to civilian hikers or recreationists to prevent contact with SCP-667-2. Surveillance personnel are authorized to employ pesticides or fire to neutralize any instances of SCP-667-2 attempting to exit the containment zone.
During periods when SCP-667-2 is observed to be active, maintenance personnel are to withdraw from the habitat. An individual adult mammal, or an individual D-class awaiting scheduled termination, is to be introduced into the habitat after being tagged with a radio tracking or GPS device. D-class personnel may be issued audio or video equipment at project manager discretion. Feeding is to continue at a rate of one individual per day until SCP-667-2 becomes inactive.
Additional samples of SCP-667-1 may be produced from cuttings and grown within prescribed limits in a fully contained area at O5 discretion. All attempts to capture a live sample of SCP-667-2 are currently prohibited pending development of a means to counteract its mind-affecting properties. Any SCP-667-2 remains recovered are to be transferred to Site 73 for necropsy, analysis, and archival.
[REVISED] As of [DATA EXPUNGED], no special containment procedures aside from standard security are required. SCP-668 is to be transferred to a locked safe-deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard defenses against intrusion (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
SCP-668 may only be removed from its safe-deposit box by personnel with Security Clearance 2 or higher. Individuals wishing to make use of SCP-668 outside Site 19 must first submit a Form-668 Requested Course of Action form to O5-11 and be fitted with an explosive killswitch collar on a 24-hour timer before taking SCP-668 into the field. An Auditing Officer with Security Clearance 4 or higher must confirm that SCP-668 has been returned to its safe-deposit box before the collar is deactivated.
SCP-669 is to be kept in a lead-lined safety deposit on Site-19. Any personnel to be granted access to SCP-669 must have completed a training session led by an individual with 2/669 clearance.
Following Incident 669-1, SCP-669 is to be encased in a Faraday cage vessel consisting of a grounded copper shell, and slotted alumina inserts holding the item in place. SCP-669 is to be removed from containing vessel only in designated testing area, so as not to interfere with Site-19 electronics.
The family unit collectively referred to as SCP-670 is currently contained at Sector 25, located in ███████, England. Members of SCP-670 are to be contained in a shared 12 m x 6 m holding cell, observed via surveillance camera. Cell is to contain four (4) beds, a bathroom, and an observation window. All staff entering SCP-670's containment area are to be searched for lighters, matches, and other sources of open flames.
SCP-670 is to be provided with forty-five (45) centimeters of cotton, twenty-five (25) centimeters of silk, twenty-five (25) centimeters of polyester, fifteen (15) centimeters of rayon, and twelve (12) centimeters of rope each month. Any objects created by members of SCP-670 that could be used as a weapon are to be immediately removed from the containment area.
SCP-671 must be kept at Sector-██ in a clear plastic terrarium no less than 10m x 1m x 1m. The terrarium is to be assembled by heat merging only. It should contain at least 400 kg of sandy soil with humidity at least ██.█%. Appropriate food is provided via a hatch every week. The room is to be monitored by four cameras at all times. Entry and exit is via an airlock, which must be flooded with an insecticide harmless to humans each time it cycles. No piece of the door beyond the innermost panel itself may be accessible from inside the containment room, and all fixtures inside the room must be either sealed or built into the walls.
As long as any SCP-671 individuals are outside the terrarium, personnel entering the room must either wear only clothes that will not trigger SCP-671, use strong insect repellent, or wear a sealed single-piece suit over all other clothing. All but the simplest items must be kept within a sealed transparent plastic bag or similarly protected by insecticide or repellent. Should SCP-671 individuals escape the terrarium outside of experimental procedure, the room is to be flooded with insecticide.
No SCP which can potentially be disassembled is to be kept at Sector-██, and SCP-671 may never enter a facility where such SCPs are kept.
The sample kept at Research Sector-██ is to be maintained in a biodome suitable for desert life with accompanying scrub plants. Samples may be taken at the discretion of Dr. H█████. [REDACTED] is to have relevant data for the location of SCP-672 colonies uploaded. Any wild colonies are to have an MTF dispatched to enact procedure Lambda-6.
No living tissue is to enter the main containment area while SCP-673 is present. Dual air lock systems separated by decontamination and scanning cells are to be maintained at all times. Containment cell is to be immediately locked down during any maintenance or power failures, with release only after review by Site Security. Equipment exiting the containment cell is to be sterilized and remain in quarantine for a minimum of two weeks before being reused.
Containment cell maintenance is to take place only after SCP-673 has been removed to a temporary containment cell. All surfaces are to receive treatment by chemical agent NioX-9, with any overgrown areas extracted and rebuilt. Containment cell must be cleared of all personnel for no less than 12 hours before SCP-673 can be replaced to primary containment cell. Temporary containment cell is to be flooded with NioX-9 for no less than 48 hours after SCP-673 removal.
Independent instances of SCP-673 are to be severed and isolated as soon as possible after initial discovery. Evaluation of newly severed instances is to take place within five to eight hours post-severing. SCP-673 instances found to have no research, production, or other value are to be incinerated immediately after evaluation. Instances added to the main contained mass are to be recorded and logged with Central Records.
Any staff working in or around the containment area are to be placed in quarantine immediately after completing their given tasks. Observation of quarantined subjects is to continue for a minimum of two weeks. Any erratic behavior, growths, or other SCP-673 symptoms exhibited by subjects is to be reported to Site Command, with subjects being held for eventual evaluation.
When not being tested, SCP-674 is to remain in a locked plastic case in Storage Site-23. SCP-674's cord is not required for its operation and is to remain coiled and tied. SCP-674 poses no existential threat to anyone other than its user; however, it has already demonstrated itself to be a potential security risk for the Foundation. Therefore in the event that security around SCP-674 is compromised, on-site personnel are authorized to destroy it at their discretion. Testing is ongoing to determine the risks and possibilities in using SCP-674 as an information gathering device.
The house containing SCP-675 has been designated Observation Post 9010. One researcher must be stationed within Observation Post 9010 at all times. Monitoring of SCP-675 is to be undertaken in 30 day shifts. No researcher may return to Observation Post 9010 before a minimum of six (6) shifts have passed. All researchers assigned to SCP-675 must undergo mandatory psychological screening prior to and after a completed shift in SCP-675.
All researchers monitoring SCP-675 must record any and all observations on an audio recorder. Following Incident 675-1, all researchers must be under video surveillance at all times.
The property containing SCP-676 is owned by the Foundation under the guise of █████████ Inc., a shell corporation. It is closed to the public, and posted signs indicate that the area is a hazardous materials storage facility.
Under no circumstances is the flow of water into SCP-676 to be interrupted. Backup tanks of water are to be used to supplement the stream's flow in the case of an obstruction. Vegetation is kept clear in a 10 m channel along the course of the stream to prevent unanticipated interruptions.
SCP-677 is currently in the vicinity of Saturn’s orbit. Due to its attraction to Earth, it is expected to land back on the planet by the year 2███. At least one telescope will be trained on SCP-677 to monitor its movement. When reentry occurs, a team will be dispatched to recover the object, whereupon it will be dismantled and returned to its storage locker at Site ██.
SCP-678 is to be contained in a secure lockbox on-site in a container rated for security against at least Level 2 attempted containment breaches. Guards posted to guard SCP-678 should not be aware of what they are guarding, as recovery attempts are a risk. SCP-678 poses no recognized threat of escape at this time, but if the container is ruptured or SCP-678 removed for any reason, no personnel are to make unshielded contact with SCP-678.
Samples of SCP-679 should be contained in sealed glass vials, with the temperature kept at 25 °C. Infected subjects should be kept restrained in a sterile environment. All personnel handling samples or subjects should wear class A HAZMAT suits. Any material or infected subjects removed from containment should be incinerated immediately.
To prevent potential cross contamination at no point should samples of SCP-679 and SCP-1077 be stored at the same facility.
Because of its usefulness as a possible diagnostic tool, SCP-680 is to be kept at Containment Site-76 in Storage Locker 76-███. Additionally, to prevent accidental activation (and subsequent waiting periods) of SCP-680, the SCP must remain at least 10 meters away from all but mechanically static machinery. Use of SCP-680 on a subject must be approved by Level-3 Personnel.
SCP-681 is to be contained in a row of standard pressure tanks rated to contain helium gas. All tanks are to be chained to the floor or walls of the containment room. The containment room is to be kept airtight and at near-vacuum pressures, with two Level 1 staff assigned to check for tank leakage once a week. Checks are to be made in pressure suits, and none of the gas is to be removed without clearance from Level 2 personnel. In the event of a minor leakage into the storage chamber, the room is to be temporarily flooded with normal air to force SCP-681 into collection traps in the ceiling.
Should a very large leak occur, or should SCP-681 breach the containment room, nearby personnel are to be supplied oxygen masks immediately, and the bubbles of SCP-681 forming around them are to be siphoned off.
SCP-681 can be safely placed in latex balloons without the usual concern of leakage, but no more than three average balloons worth of SCP-681 are to be removed from the containment room at any time.
SCP-682 must be destroyed as soon as possible. At this time, no means available to SCP teams are capable of destroying SCP-682, only able to cause massive physical damage. SCP-682 should be contained within a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m chamber with 25 cm reinforced acid-resistant steel plate lining all inside surfaces. The containment chamber should be filled with hydrochloric acid until SCP-682 is submerged and incapacitated. Any attempts of SCP-682 to move, speak, or breach containment should be reacted to quickly and with full force as called for by the circumstances.
Personnel are forbidden to speak to SCP-682, for fear of provoking a rage-state. All unauthorized personnel attempting to communicate to SCP-682 will be restrained and removed by force.
Due to its frequent attempts at containment breach, difficulty of containment and incapacitation, and high threat of Foundation Exposure, SCP-682 is to be contained in site [REDACTED]. The Foundation will use the best of its resources to maintain all land within fifty (50) kilometers clear of human development.
SCP-683 is to be kept in a standard 8x8x5m research bay equipped with a portable gas-powered generator. SCP-683 itself is to be covered with a suitably large, opaque drop cloth to prevent inadvertent visual contact when not involved in active research. Research bay door should meet Level II hazard control terior door until testing is approved for recorded viewing of SCP-683. No guards should be posted unless approved by Level 3 or higher administrative staff, again to prevent possible inadvertent visual contact. No food or drink is permitted within twenty (20) meters of the containment area. SCP-683 is currently held in research bay Zingiber-4 at Site-19 under these conditions.
As SCP-684 is too large and massive to relocate, much less fully contain in any orthodox sense, HotBox procedures are in effect. If SCP-684 is judged to have expanded beyond the coordinates of [COORDINATES REDACTED], containment is said to have failed, and HotBox borders are to enact standard deterrent methodologies1.
No staff living on the surface of SCP-684 are allowed to know the true nature of SCP-684. This specific file is not to reach any observation post studying SCP-684.
As SCP-685 is a geological feature, it is unable to be moved from its current location. A 20 km radius around SCP-685, designated Research Site-85, is to be kept clear of all non-indigenous or non-Foundation personnel. In addition to on-site personnel, SCP-685 is to be monitored remotely via satellite from Command-██.
Non-biological objects are to be autoclaved or immersed in 10% bleach solution for 30 minutes before being removed from the site. All other objects are to be kept under BSL-3 conditions for no less than six months. Personnel rotating off duty at Site-85 will be quarantined for one month, and subject to weekly physical examinations for the next two months afterward.
Charges of C-4 are to be placed every █ m around the circumference of SCP-685, to be armed and detonated in the event of an incoming hostile object. Should any hostile object survive the explosion, it is to be engaged by the current on-site Mobile Task Force. Containment by means of a nuclear missile launched from ████████████████ is to be used as a last resort.
Samples of SCP-686 are to be stored under standard protocols for class 2 biohazardous liquids in G2 facilities. SCP-686 is infectious but not virulent. It can only afflict a new host when taken orally, and is not motile or otherwise 'active'. The infectious agent's mechanism of operation is not known. SCP-686 does not contain appreciable amounts of nucleic acids and prion activity is not apparent.
Due to the large quantities of SCP-686 that are being produced by various test subjects, the principal requirement for this substance is not so much containment as it is disposal. While pasteurization has proven completely effective at sterilizing the infectious agent, whatever its nature, it is recommended that all unneeded stocks of SCP-686 should be incinerated. Human consumption is not recommended by anyone other than designated test subjects.
SCP-687 is to be kept in a secured room at Site-15. The room is to contain a desk with locking drawers, a standard office chair, and a 12” analog color television as well as equipment to record and remotely monitor testing of SCP-687.
When not being actively tested, SCP-687-1 is to be powered down and disconnected from its power source, and SCP-687-3 is to be kept in an anti-static envelope and locked in the top drawer of the desk supporting SCP-687-1 & SCP-687-2. SCP-687-2 should remain attached to SCP-687-1 to prevent wear on the connecting hardware.
When being tested, SCP-687-1 and SCP-687-2 are to be plugged into one standard ███ UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) that is connected to the facility power grid. UPS is to be replaced after each 100 hours of use.
Under no circumstances are Class D personnel to be used for testing SCP-687 (ref: Incident I-687-1). Testing is permitted by personnel with clearance 3 or above with written approval by the site director.
SCP-688 is active in the wild. Specimens are retrieved by Mobile Task Force Theta-13 (“Land Sharks”) as uncontained nests are identified. A nested SCP-688 should be retrieved in darkness, by agents provided with night-vision equipment, and should be moved only by removal of the entire nest, including whatever physical structure is required to keep the nesting area enclosed and intact. The nest will be enclosed in an opaque light-proof container and be transferred and installed in the SCP-688 warehousing facility at Site-██.
The SCP-688 warehousing facility shall provide an open area of at least 5000 square meters protected from outside illumination, and each SCP-688 nest contained within shall be covered with a secondary light-proof enclosure that should only be removed for testing and feeding of SCP-688. Each individual SCP-688 will be fed an amount and on a schedule as specified by the researcher in charge, though biomass fed to SCP-688 should include at least 25% living tissue to discourage SCP-688 from abandoning its nest. These criteria can be waived for testing at the discretion of the site director.
SCP-689 is to be contained in a large concrete chamber equipped with high-intensity sodium iodide lights. These lights must be wired to separate redundant circuits such that SCP-689 is brightly illuminated at all times.
At least three personnel must be on duty at all times within the containment facility: two Class D inside the chamber and one Level 2 or higher at the operator's station outside the chamber. The operator must either be completely blind or be fitted with a visored helmet sufficient to block all vision, which must not be removed for the duration of his shift. Under absolutely no circumstances is the operator to look into the chamber. The Class D observers must between them keep SCP-689 in view at all times without exception. Blinking, etc. is allowed as normal but there must be at least one set of eyes focused on SCP-689 at all times. If the lights go out inside the chamber at any time for any reason or if there is any interruption in observation, all currently extant personnel who have seen SCP-689 must be executed without delay. It is recommended that they be fitted with remotely activated kill devices triggerable from the containment control room.
If SCP-689 is known to have left the chamber at any time, retrieval teams consisting of blind or visored personnel equipped with echolocators along with Class D observers must be dispatched to the location of all personnel who have previously viewed SCP-689. Retrieval teams will establish an immediate perimeter and cover the object before returning it to the chamber as quickly as possible. While SCP-689 is in transit, the Class D observers will stand under the covering and keep it in view at all times. Any Level 1 or below personnel who have seen SCP-689 as a result of a containment breach are to be terminated immediately. Higher clearance personnel will be temporarily retained but in the event of another containment failure are to be terminated.
Requests to study SCP-689 must be submitted to Dr. ████████████ at least 7 days in advance with a detailed description of the proposed experiment and justification. Any researcher directly viewing SCP-689 should be aware that doing so renders them liable to immediate and summary termination in the event of any containment or light failure, as described above.
SCP-690 is to be stored in a refrigerated locked container in Sector-7 Euclid SCP containment, with a temperature no greater than 10 degrees Celsius. Access to SCP-690 is restricted to personnel with level 2 access or higher. Experiments involving SCP-690 must be approved by an individual holding Level-4 clearance before testing commences.
Personnel with any cuts, scratches, or other injuries of the skin are to be restricted from access to SCP-690. If any unauthorized personnel use a bandage from SCP-690, security personnel are to be called immediately to subdue the offending personnel, and then remove and dispose of the bandage as biological waste.
One instance of SCP-691 (SCP-691-0) is to be stored in a safety deposit box within the Foundation archives at Site-██. Any other instances are to be destroyed following confirmation that they are identical to SCP-691-0. Access is restricted to Dr. ████-████████ and her research assistants. Following Incident SCP-691-I1, second-hand recordings of SCP-691 are prohibited unless permission is granted from a member of staff with level 5 clearance. Please see investigation logs for details of standard experimental procedure with respect to any instance of SCP-691.
Each package of SCP-692 is to be stored in a sealed plastic container. Any cloth, synthetic textile or other coming into contact with SCP-692 is to be incinerated within one (1) hour of incident, unless it is being used for testing, in which case it is to be incinerated after testing.
Security personnel present at testing are to be equipped with standard-issue gas-based flamethrowers.
As all instances of SCP-693 are considered Safe, Researchers involved in testing may keep any instance of SCP-693 in their office. After Incident 693/A/050, all instances of SCP-693 are to be returned to regulation containment locker 12C-K when not in use.
As of Incident 693/E, all instances of SCP-693 have been reclassified as Euclid. As such, each instance of SCP-693 is to be contained in a separate steel containment box, measuring 25 cm x 25 cm x 25 cm. Each containment box is still to be stored inside regulation containment locker 12C-K.
When testing on SCP-693, it is imperative that only hair from the head of the subject be used. At no point should any researcher directly access SCP-693 when it is in an attuned state. All hair should be removed from SCP-693 by the D-Class involved in its testing before it is returned to researchers.
The neighborhood that SCP-694 occupies has been evacuated with a cover story of industrial contamination, and is to be kept sealed off; homes have been purchased from their residents, and used for the establishment of observation sites known as Site-48 extension Security Post-694.
Many years before the Nothing:Something incident…
All routes that lead to the chase between SCP-694-1 and SCP-694-3 and SCP-694-4 have been closed off, with personnel stationed to re-route drivers away from the anomaly. MTF-Zeta 10 ("Time Travelers") are to stand guard and provide assistance to have public awareness of SCP-694 removed. Any deviations from the standard SCP-694 "script" are to be reported to the site supervisor.
Units of SCP-695 are to be contained in fresh water tanks, with no more than ten members in any single tank. All water used in containment tanks is to be from an enclosed system separate from any outside system, with all water used being added manually to the system as needed. Tank seals are to be checked daily, with any sign of leakage, wear, or attack being immediately reported to Site Security and repaired.
Staff working with or around SCP-695 or the containment area are to be in full Haz-Mat gear at all times. Staff physically handling SCP-695 may do so only in ten minute increments, with a thirty minute break for examination and observation. Staff failing to clear examination are to be removed immediately to quarantine.
Any SCP-695 colonies found outside of containment are to be immediately sterilized. Any and all subjects found to be harboring SCP-695 are to be entered into quarantine for observation. Subjects found unsuitable for testing are to be sterilized.
SCP-696 is currently contained within a secure locker within Site-73.
All instances of SCP-697 are kept in Storage Section-V of Site 18. The area is forty feet below ground level and lined with steel, ensuring only authorized personnel may enter. All unauthorized persons attempting to gain access are terminated on sight.
Each instance of SCP-697 is sealed in a depressurized, four-inch thick titanium container to avoid accidental activation. Removal from the containers is restricted to three instances at a time for Level 4 access approved experiments only. Under no circumstances are any instances of SCP-697 to leave Site 18. Should accidental spills occur at any point, Site 18 is to be evacuated, and the area affected incinerated. Large scale spills shall lead to total abandonment of the Site, and a quarantine of the surrounding area for eight square kilometers.
Further information pertaining to spilling of SCP-697 outside of Site 18 is located in Document-697-Theta.
When not in use, SCP-698 is to be stored in its original packaging. This packaging is to be kept in a secure box in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedures are not necessary under non-testing conditions. The item itself is safe to handle during transport or testing.
SCP-699 is to be kept in a standard 8 m x 8 m x 5 m research bay, which was built around the object in the sub-basement of Site-83. The object shall be guarded at all times by two Level 1 personnel who have had a “negative” reaction to the object (see below) and have shown no interest in opening it. In addition, the artifact is to be kept under video surveillance at all times.
Unauthorized attempts to open SCP-699 will be met with severe disciplinary procedures, up to and including termination. Any signs of an escape attempt by the contents of SCP-699 must immediately be reported to a Level 4 staff member, so that further containment procedures can be initiated. Any containment breach is to be met with full force.
As SCP-700 is immobile, one security team is to be permanently placed at the site, to prevent the entrance of civilians and unauthorized personnel. They are to be equipped with breath masks at all times while inside of SCP-700.
SCP-700-1 is to remain closed all the time. Its hatch may only be opened if all personnel present inside SCP-700 are wearing full-body, non-organic biohazard suits and breath masks, and only for the purpose of running necessary tests. Following Incident 700-1, this part of the containment procedure is no longer necessary. See Incident Log 700-1 for more details.
All materials relating to SCP-701 are to be kept in a triple-locked archive at Storage Site-██. These items currently consist of: the two (2) currently extant copies of the 1640 quarto; twenty-seven (27) copies of the 1965 trade paperback edition; ten (10) copies of a 1971 hardcover printing; twenty-one (21) floppy diskettes, consisting of data seized from raids on [EXPUNGED]; one (1) S-VHS video cassette tape (designated SCP-701-19██-A); and one (1) steel knife of unknown origin (designated SCP-701-19██-B). At no time are any of these items to be removed from the room. Access to the area is to be heavily monitored; absolutely no personnel whatsoever is to be granted access to the archive without the express, in-person permission of Drs. L████, R█████ and J██████.
SCP-702 is to be contained in a crate lined with mundane packing materials. The crate is to be kept in a standard security locker with armed guards at all times. If the crate is breached, under no circumstances are any personnel to touch the SCP without wearing a pair of standard insulated gloves and an insulated coat. The slated destruction of SCP-702 is indefinitely postponed due to the unknown effects on SCP-702-1 and possible containment breaches.
SCP-703 is to be contained within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 77's Euclid SCP wing. SCP-703 is to be monitored remotely in 5 hour shifts, and two armed guards are to be present within the chamber at all times, operating in 5 hour shifts. Entry into SCP-703 while it is in an active state is prohibited. When SCP-703 resumes an inactive state, a Class-D personnel will be sent in to retrieve the item.
Staff assigned to work with SCP-703 are to be rotated every 5 weeks, and any SCP-703-1 instances produced by SCP-703 related to staff members may be declassified and returned after a 6 week observation period. Instances of SCP-703-1 that are not related to staff must be put in permanent storage.
The entrance and exit to SCP-704 are to be closed to the public as a private road. Both the entrance and exit are blocked by a solid steel barrier built to resemble a swing-arm style barrier. The swing-arm is non-functional and the barrier is instead designed to withstand high-speed collisions with vehicles up to the size of a semi-trailer. Armed guards are to be stationed at the entrance and exit to SCP-704 at all times to further discourage attempted entry.
Entry to SCP-704 is not allowed by any wheeled or treaded vehicle, though attempting to do so is, for the most part, its own punishment. Entry is only allowed on foot with previous clearance from one (1) Level Three (3) administrator.
Should a vehicle gain entry to SCP-704, personnel are to wait approximately 2 hours before attempting to recover any bodies or the driver. This is to guarantee personnel safety as the actions of both the driver and SCP-704 are unpredictable during an active phase.
SCP-705 requires little security detail nor significant clearance to access, and is to be held in Sector 2 Safe SCP containment with the lid closed. Any access is to be logged when entering and exiting SCP-705’s containment, to be reviewed once a month. Misplacement or lack of attendance leading to containment failure is punishable by temporary removal of access. Repeat offenses incur more severe probations. SCP-705 is not to be used in any practical applications.
SCP-706 is to be housed in a humanoid containment cell at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3 which has been modified with padded walls and minimal sharp edges. SCP-706 is to be provided with 1.2 kg of kaolin and ceramic glaze daily in addition to its regular diet.
Handling personnel are allowed to provide SCP-706 with non-standard items such as vanity mirrors, extra clothing as outlined in Document 706-E, and a paintbrush set with ceramic enamel paint as an incentive or reward for good behavior.
SCP-706 is currently contained under suicide watch procedures and is to be restrained at all times except when undergoing testing. SCP-706 is to be given daily therapy sessions until further notice.
SCP-707 is kept disassembled in a double-locked secure locker at Site-██. Experimentation may only be performed with prior, written permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel. Once assembled, SCP-707 may only be handled by Class-D personnel.
SCP-708 is to be stored in a warehouse at Sector-19, pending further research. Keys to the ignition lock of SCP-708 are to be kept in a secure lock-box at Site-19 accessible only by Dr. Lentil, with a spare set in a secure lock-box maintained by Dr. Horrigan. Neither set is permitted to be accessed without the consent of at least one (1) Level 4 Personnel. Personnel attempting to make use of SCP-708 or gain access to either of its keys are to be immediately detained and must undergo a psychological evaluation. Keys are to be used in an alternating fashion, so as not to cause excessive wear to them.
SCP-709 is currently set up in TA-F2, Sector-28. Any staff member is permitted to access the sphere, provided they schedule the time in advance, so as to avoid conflict. Class D personnel wishing to use the sphere require permission from their direct supervisor.
SCP-710 is to be cordoned off by a perimeter fence with constant patrols and all roads leading in to the site must be guarded with armed checkpoints. All airspace above SCP-710 is considered a no-fly zone, which must be constantly monitored and enforced. Any violations of these security measures by unauthorized intruders can be resolved with the use of lethal force if necessary.
It is forbidden for any Foundation personnel to enter SCP-710 without Level 4 clearance. Only D-class personnel and unmanned reconnaissance vehicles may enter SCP-710 for research purposes. Should containment of SCP-710 fail, immediate airstrike of SCP-710 and the surrounding area in a five mile radius is authorized.
Under no circumstances whatsoever is SCP-711 to be operated. Operation or attempted operation of SCP-711 is to be punished in all cases by the severest and most extreme measures available to the SCP Foundation. Enforcement of this zero-tolerance policy, should it become necessary, is to become the single highest-priority assignment for all available Foundation personnel.
The current instance of SCP-711 is to be embedded in concrete and stored in a Type 2 High-Value  (see below).
The light-geneis of polarization oriented horizontally.
The emitting lens of SCP-712-1 is aimed at the rear wall and optical targets should be kept behind the apparatus except during testing. A SWNT forest panel is in place in front of the emitting lens of SCP-712-1 as a component of the fail-secure system. The rear wall of the room is tiled with SWNT Forest light absorbing panels. 10 (ten) standard 300 watt metal halide floodlights are aimed at the target wall and are to be turned on no less than one hour before SCP-712-1 is connected to a power supply to ensure that the color temperature has stabilized at 5000 K. These floodlights are shuttered as a component of the fail-secure system.
A fail secure system is installed in the room. During operation, the floodlights will be shuttered and the panel in front of the emitting lens will retract. The researcher conducting an experiment must maintain constant pressure on a thumbswitch, and a bite plate will detect jaw clenching that may indicate a seizure. If pressure on the thumb switch is released, pressure on the bite plate exceeds normal limits, or power to the system is lost, the shutters covering the floodlights will drop away and the light absorbing panel will drop into place in front of SCP-712-1's emitting lens.
All personnel and test subjects who are present when SCP-712-1 is powered are to be administered vision tests to measure distance vision, near vision, and color perception before entering the room and immediately after leaving. Unless authorized by Dr. ███████ in writing and approved by a Level 4 staff member, no individual who exhibits any degree of colorblindness is permitted to enter the room. Individuals who exhibit diminished visual ability after an experiment will be held for observation for 24 hours and tested before being released. Any individual who continues to exhibit diminished visual ability after the 24 hour observation period will be prohibited from working with SCP-712 and reassigned to a non-research position for an additional 30 days. Individuals exhibiting diminished visual ability after 30 days will be permanently reassigned. No individual who exhibits any diminished visual ability after 24 hours may be assigned to experiment further on SCP-712.
Research on SCP-712 is coordinated by Dr. ███████.
SCP-713 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class inanimate-object containment cell at Site ██. Standard positive-action defenses are to remain in place at all times. It is not to be plugged in while stored.
SCP-714 is to be stored in a reinforced, high-security locker that is to be accessible only to Level 4+ personnel, due to several incidents of misuse.
Containment area is to be coated in lead shielding both inside and out. Should any section of the shielding become damaged, replacement plates are to be installed immediately. Chains and plates used to secure SCP-716 are to have lead shielding as well, and are to be replaced as soon as wear or corrosion is observed.
SCP-716 is to remain pointing at an external wall at all times. Should SCP-716 break containment and forcibly exit the containment area, recovery teams are to monitor SCP-716 and attempt recovery only when SCP-716 comes to rest. Recovery while still in motion may only be attempted with approval from O5 Command.
Areas with long-term exposure are to be sterilized after SCP-716 removal. Any biological organisms affected by SCP-716 are to be terminated unless required for testing. No humans are to enter R.E.M. sleep within two hundred meters of SCP-716 if uncontained, one hundred meters if contained. Anything exiting [DATA EXPUNGED]
No entry of SCP-716 is permitted at any time. Entry for testing purposes must be approved by Site Command.
SCP-717 is encased within Site-██, publicly known as the ██████████ Observatory. Observatory dome must remain closed from 10:30pm to 3:30am or when SCP-717 is active. A minimum of twelve armed guards are to be stationed outside Site-██ during all hours. Flamethrowers and flash-bang grenades are to be secured in the guardhouse in case of emergency.
Internal temperature of Site-██ is not to exceed 10 degrees Celsius. Only one of Site-██'s internal spotlights can be on at any time, but should be dimmed if SCP-717 is active. No more than 3 (three) persons may enter at any time, and no more than 2 (two) of these may be on-site security. Visiting staff are advised to wear warm, darkly colored clothing and light-amplification visors while within Site-██. Staff are permitted to bring flashlights or flares but may not use them outside of an emergency. No radios or cell-phones permitted.
If SCP-717's containment becomes compromised for any reason, all floodlights within Site-██ are to be activated and sirens are to sound within the facility. All personnel are to evacuate the site and equip flamethrowers until receiving further instructions.
See description for procedures relating to SCP-717's individual components.
No long-term observation is to be made of SCP-718. Any and all observation and interaction is to be restricted to five and ten minute periods, with personnel rotations every twenty-four hours. Extreme care must be taken with SCP-718, and full hazmat suits are mandatory for all personnel. Any damage done to SCP-718 must be reported as soon as possible.
Any personnel observing or interacting with SCP-718 for longer than the advised period must be removed, with force if necessary. Any personnel acting in an erratic or violent manner will be transferred.
SCP-719 is to be kept in a secure, lead-lined storage unit at Site-15 when not in use. SCP-719 is to be tested for residual radioactivity on a bi-monthly basis. If residual radiation levels exceed 10 Sv/h when SCP-719 is in an unpowered state, SCP-719-1 is to be removed from SCP-719 and installed into another compatible unit of similar manufacture.1 Once operation of the new unit is confirmed, the new unit will be designated SCP-719 and the old unit disposed of according to site protocols for radioactive waste.
Any experimentation or testing of SCP-719 must take place in a radiation-shielded examination room. Foundation personnel are not to have direct contact with SCP-719 while it is powered on, and any power must be provided by circuits with a remotely monitored emergency shutoff. All tests shall be recorded and video archived in the Site-15 secure data center. Under no circumstances shall SCP-719 be permitted to remain powered on for longer than 75 minutes. All test signals are to be transmitted to SCP-719 via a standard digital converter box switched to channel 3.

Update to Containment Procedures ██/██/20██: From this point forward, stop testing this thing on D-class subjects. We’ve wasted a dozen so far, and the only anomalous effect on them has been radiation poisoning. —Dr. ███████, Assistant Director Site-15

SCP-720 is to be kept in a standard Safe chamber, located within Site 77's Safe SCP wing. SCP-720 is to have its three fuel tanks removed when not in testing, and is to be checked every three weeks for signs of wear; should SCP-720 require any maintenance work, all eight reservoirs are to be removed before maintenance is performed.
Instances of SCP-721 are to be contained in one of three designated lockers at Site 19's low-priority item storage facility, depending on whether they are classified as SCP-721-1, -2, or -3. Each instance must be sealed in a plastic bag with a label that clearly identifies their designation.
Upon recovery, all instances of SCP-721 are to be subject to testing with Class D personnel to determine whether they are instances of SCP-721-1, -2, or -3, provided this information is not available from other sources. They are then to be contained according to the procedures outlined in this document.
At time of writing, all six contained instances of SCP-721-1 are used to monitor and aid in the containment of sapient Keter-class SCP items. Any further instances of SCP-721-1 that are contained may be assigned to similar projects at the discretion of O5-8. Contact Site Director Cassidy for further information.
Testing of SCP-721-2 requires permission from Dr. Bright.
The use of SCP-721-3 to terminate any person requires approval from no less than three personnel with relevant Level 4 clearance or higher. Any subject known to have activated an instance of SCP-721-3 is to be euthanized if possible, then disposed of in the nearest suitable furnace.
Due to the unique nature of SCP-722, effectiveness of containment measures are as of yet untried. Containment measures are currently focused on maintaining the current state of SCP-722 until a more permanent solution can be found. Brain-wave activity, heart rate and internal temperature of the artifact are to be monitored at all times, as well as any variances in the integrity and volume of the glacial range within which SCP-722 currently resides, particularly Kangerdlugssuaq. Eight access points exist at various points in the glacier, each sealed by an airlock, with sound dampeners lining the glacial interior. At four hour intervals, nitrogen gas chilled to a near-liquid state is to be pumped into the room to lower the internal temperature as much as possible.
Access into SCP-722's chamber is to be permitted only in the event of emergency maintenance, which should be performed by a team of Class D personnel with a security detail of at least two clearance level 3 Agents. Anyone gaining entry into SCP-722's chamber is to be outfitted with a suit of high-extremity polar wear and a set of nightvision goggles as the interior chamber is unlit. Security personnel should be outfitted with a silenced flechette pistol and take extreme caution in the event of its use. Should any personnel involved in a maintenance operation attempt to compromise the artifact in any way, they should be terminated with extreme prejudice regardless of security clearance. Security personnel are required to report their status at 10 minute intervals. In the event of a lapse in reports, the interior chamber is to be flooded with nitrogen gas until no life forms are detected.
All agents entering SCP-722's enclosure are advised to not make any attempt to touch the artifact as it is known to be extremely volatile. The far extremities of SCP-722 are to be avoided at all costs. In the event of contact with the artifact, agents are advised to immediately exit the enclosure and report to the base medic for detox.
Due to the immovable nature of SCP-723, a containment area designated Site-288 is to be constructed surrounding the immediate area to prevent potential civilian casualties or exposing the site's properties. Containment consists of standard 3m (10ft approx.) chain link fencing with access restriction signage surrounding the site's exterior. A further restriction zone of 2m is to be constructed around the entrance to SCP-723, secured with magnetic locks.
The site is to be secured by three guards in standard █████████ security company cover uniforms, without visible armament to avoid suspicion. Access restrictions are to be made based on the claim of the site's fragility and historical importance. Access to D-Class subjects for further experimentation is to be approved by level 4 staff or higher. Under no circumstances is SCP-723 to be ascended by SCP Foundation staff, and personnel are requested to stay clear of the interior restriction zone to avoid becoming subject to SCP-723's effects.
Due to its immobility, SCP-724 is located in the central vault of Site-54. This vault is surrounded by a set of hinged shielding plates that can be closed to block radio signals from reaching SCP-724 and suppress the anomaly.
SCP-724-1 specimens can be kept in standard-size cages, although any that are currently being monitored should be separated from each other by at least moderate soundproofing. Individuals not being monitored are kept in kennel sections with Faraday shielding. Transport of SCP-724-1 specimens must not use unshielded cages except by written permission of Researcher M███████.
Site-54 maintains the outward appearance of a corporate office/research facility, in the name of a Foundation front company (S██████ C██ P███████, Inc.). The lobby is to be staffed by Foundation security personnel posing as civilian receptionists and security guards.
Subject is confined to a small coastal inlet adjacent to Sector-07. SCP-725 shows all biological requirements of its wild analogues, and is to be fed and its enclosure maintained according to on-site biologists. Because of the subject’s excitable nature, all watercraft are prohibited from opecept as a measure to deter other marine mammals from lingering in the vicinity. Audio recordings are to be played on the hydrophone in the subject’s enclosure according to the current project director.
A single pair of human SCP-726 samples are to be contained at Site-17 in a padded cell for their own safety, cleaned of any waste matter at 24-hour intervals. A diet of mixed vegetable slurry is adequate for their nutritional needs. A jar of smooth peanut butter may be provided to pacify subjects during cleaning and examinations. On a quarterly basis, subjects shall be provided a pair of mixed sex cadavers, and terminated after successful reproduction. Absolutely no other animal tissues of any kind are permitted in the enclosure at any time.
A security fence has been constructed around the area of SCP-727. Civilians are to be turned away and officials are to be told that the area around SCP-727 is geologically unstable. Access to SCP-727 is permitted only for testing and requires at least one armed guard on duty outside the item's entrance. All crafted objects produced inside SCP-727 are to be stored in containment room 727-H at Site-██.
SCP-728 is to be kept within a class IV containment vault at Sector-██. To date the item has shown no activity to warrant anything other than standard security procedures to prevent unauthorised access.
SCP-729 is stored in a standard security chamber at Site ██. For ease of testing SCP-729 has been connected to the Site ██ water and sewage systems; however, use of the object outside of test conditions is prohibited. The risks associated with passive interaction with SCP-729 are minimal. Some staff have reported feeling 'dirty' or 'stressed' during prolonged periods in the vicinity of SCP-729, accompanied by a mild compulsion to make use of SCP-729 to bathe. This compulsion does not appear to be strong enough to force staff to break containment protocols so as to access SCP-729. However, staff feeling said compulsion are encouraged to leave the vicinity of SCP-729.
SCP-730 and associated materials and subjects are housed in Sector-07 in a Delta level containment facility. Ongoing research necessitates regular staff interaction with affected materials (using appropriate isolation equipment). Researchers are required to undergo 36 hours of isolation and decontamination before leaving the containment facility. Any staff exposed to SCP-730 will be reclassified as a research subject and assigned to the facility indefinitely.
A system of decommissioned utility tunnels at Site 9 was sealed off and converted into a mock sewer system covering an area approximating six city blocks, with seventeen "street-level" access points sized to fit SCP-731-1. D-class personnel are sent to "check the manhole covers" every one to two weeks to ensure that SCP-731-1 does not attempt to stray farther afield. All other horizontal access hatches or aperture covers within a five-kilometer radius have been sealed or retrofitted to a form factor incompatible with SCP-731-1.
The mock sewer system is to be kept impenetrable to the entrance or exit of any vermin or other small creatures. A mixture of simulated wastewater and refuse is to be cycled intermittently through the system via pumps. Human access to the sub-street level system is via decontamination locks; the sub-street level is not considered hazardous but care must be taken against any unexpected tricks or traps that may be set by the SCP-731-2 contained within. SCP-731-2 is classified as Safe.
SCP-732 is currently uncont@!#%$ U CANT HES INVINCABLE!!!1!!1!1!111!!@#$wever, if containable, let alone contained, SCP-732 should be kept away from all vital records and should be @#$%3^@4167 Subject must be provided with a 1500 room mansion and a secret lab with which to combat crime and villainy@#$5$%86&*ll compromised records must be destroyed to avoid further contamination of our database.
SCP-733-01 is stored in a secure locker at Site-██. Experimentation with SCP-733-01 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 personnel, and any testing performed must be done with direct supervision from at least one (1) Level 3 personnel. As of ██/█/██, all testing with SCP-733-01 has been suspended due to Incident 733-03.
SCP-733-02 is currently stored in a secure, humidity-controlled document locker at Site-██. Direct access to SCP-733-02 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel, but access to transcripts and scans of SCP-733-02's contents is available via standard network access to anyone with at least Level 2 clearance.
Any staff entering the containment area must be in contained atmosphere haz-mat suits. No physical contact is to be made with SCP-734. Anyone making physical contact with SCP-734 is to be immediately removed from the containment area and placed in quarantine for observation. Any items exiting the testing area must be sterilized before being allowed to exit the containment area.
Blood is to be drawn via arterial catheter once daily, the amount to be determined and re-evaluated monthly. Catheter is to be cleaned and maintained three times daily. Blood drawn is to be immediately sealed and the container sterilized before cryogenic storage. Blood may be stored for five years, after which it is to be incinerated. Requests to use drawn blood must be submitted to Overwatch.
SCP-734 must have a handler standing by at all times in full haz-mat gear who is to be rotated every four hours. Interaction with SCP-734 is allowed only when in full haz-mat equipment. SCP-734 is to be changed and fed as needed with nutritional requirements reviewed and adjusted monthly. SCP-734 may be given toys with clearance from Overwatch.
SCP-735 is to be stored in a locked cell at Research Site-14, with access granted to Level 2 personnel or higher after having undergone a session of preparatory therapy to interact with the device.
Direct observation of SCP-736 is to be coordinated through Foundation intelligence assets in the European Space Agency, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, China National Space Administration, and Russian Federal Space Agency. The next mission for close observation of SCP-736 is scheduled for 2022, and is designed to be a clandestine science objective for the European Space Agency's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer project. Ground-based telescope observation of Iapetus and the Saturnian system is to be maintained at all times.
All major astrophysics research centers and universities are to be monitored by the Foundation Office of Celestial Anomalies for awareness of SCP-736. During SCP-736 events, internet traffic is to be monitored for reports of irregularities in Iapetus' orbit. In cases where non-Foundation researchers have identified SCP-736, amnestics and information suppression protocols are authorized to prevent widespread knowledge in the scientific community.
SCP-737 is to be kept in a locked copper safe welded to the wall in Storage Unit ██ at Site ██. While in its safe, SCP-737 is to be placed on its side in order to prevent a containment breach. In the event of a containment breach, staff are to attempt to incapacitate SCP-737 without touching or destroying its front carriage.
SCP-737 is to be provided with three (3) cm3 of wood every day via a robotic arm. Any additional carriages produced by SCP-737 are to be removed from the main body and deposited back in the safe to restrict SCP-737's movements.
SCP-738 is to be kept in three linked sealed chambers with armed guards and a remote detonation system at all times, as well as constant full audio/visual surveillance. Due to the variety and strength of observed interactions with SCP-738, and the unknown limits of SCP-738, the following procedures are to be strictly followed.
When SCP-738 is not in use, its components must be kept one to each chamber. Mechanical means built into the containment area are to be used to assemble and disassemble SCP-738.
Should mechanical assembly means fail, then testing is to be canceled until an engineer fitted with an explosive collar can be sent in to repair the systems. Said engineer is to be detonated upon any attempt to interact with any component of SCP-738.
Should mechanical disassembly fail, preset shaped charges shall be used to disassemble SCP-738. The system should then be repaired and reset by a single engineer fitted with an explosive collar.
All Class D personnel used to test the device must be mildly intellectually disabled or of comparably impaired cognitive function, and must be fitted with an explosive collar. This is in order to prevent them from learning too much about SCP-738 and possibly using SCP-738 in a way that is detrimental to the Foundation.
Class D personnel with IQs over 60, and all other personnel are not allowed into the room containing SCP-738. Class D personnel are allowed into the room containing SCP-738 for experimentation only and are to be provided with continual instruction by research personnel.
SCP-739 is to be kept in a well-lit room, with its door wedged open at all times. Under no circumstances are any personnel with personality characteristics of grandiosity, psychopathy, sociopathy or solipsism to be assigned to SCP-739. If no such personnel are available, the use of mental alterations to produce such personnel is authorized.
When testing is not being conducted two D-Class personnel must be present in the room, and rotated every three hours. One is to be positioned within SCP-739 while the second stands immediately in front of the first, and is to ensure that the first D-Class does not close the door.
No testing with SCP-739 is to occur without prior approval from the project director. Any subjects that show signs of hostility after emerging from SCP-739 are to be terminated immediately.
SCP-740 can be safely stored in its envelope in a security deposit box. Researchers testing SCP-740 must wear gloves at all times.
As the object has sunk to an extreme depth and is surrounded by a region of elevated pressure, it is largely isolated from external influence. Nevertheless, periodic monitoring by sonar and/or submersible should be conducted to ensure that it has not been tampered with. Russia has actively encouraged the use of the Foundation-contracted Russian warships SCPS Basisty and Krasnoyarsk for these purposes. In the event of activity within the exclusion zone surrounding SCP-741, Procedure 353-KOSCHEI is to be enacted; this procedure entails the use of nuclear and conventionally-armed RPK-2 Viyuga anti-submarine/surface missiles aboard the Krasnoyarsk. Any movement of 741 is to be met immediately with a nuclear strike. All other contacts are to be engaged with conventional warheads.
Instances of SCP-742-1 are kept in separate solitary confinement cells in the maximum security wing of Site-██, and are fed █ kilograms of freshly harvested human bone marrow obtained [REDACTED] in addition to standard humanoid-grade rations.
Samples of the SCP-742 virus itself are kept in a secure vault at Site-19. Personnel are to note that while infected individuals are extremely dangerous, SCP-742 itself has exceedingly low infectivity except when injected directly into the bloodstream and is not considered a biohazard.
Mobile Task Force ██████-█ has been created to respond to uncontained outbreaks of SCP-742, and are currently in the field in █████████, ████████████████.
No one may enter SCP-743’s containment area except for scheduled D-class personnel. Any activity that must be performed within SCP-743’s containment area must be performed remotely by robot.
SCP-743 is to be kept in a Level-4 carbide-steel secure container, 1.5 m x 75 cm x 75 cm, no less than 5 cm thick. This container will itself be kept in a Level-4 secure room, 10 m x 10 m, with enhanced hard-metal lining. A full array of redundant sensors within the container will remain trained on SCP-743; another array of sensors will watch the container for any signs of breach. Video, audio, and data feeds from all arrays will pass to a control room manned at all times by at least two personnel. Any abnormal or aggressive activity by SCP-743 must immediately be reported to Level 4 staff.
Housing for 24 D-class personnel (designated Housing Unit 743, or HU-743) must be set up adjacent to SCP-743's containment area. At the first of each month, D-class personnel who are scheduled to be terminated must instead be moved into HU-743, enough to fill the housing to capacity. If at any time fewer than eight D-class personnel are residing in HU-743, at least sixteen D-class personnel are to immediately be transferred to HU-743. In case of containment breach, all D-class personnel housed in HU-743 are to immediately be exposed to SCP-743. Keter-class recontainment protocols apply.
Every two days, one D-class personnel currently assigned to HU-743 is to be locked alive in SCP-743’s containment room with several plates of food, at which time SCP-743’s container will be remotely unlocked and opened. This D-class personnel may eat as much as desired of the available food, including the liquid from SCP-743. Under no circumstances is this D-class personnel to be allowed to exit SCP-743’s containment area.
SCP-743 may not be transported without O5 approval except under emergency protocols. When transported, SCP-743 must be accompanied by no fewer than eight Level-4 security personnel and no fewer than eight D-class personnel from HU-743. As of ██/██/20██, SCP-743 is kept in Containment Annex Delta at Armed Reliquary Containment Area-02.
Due to SCP-744's immobility, Containment Facility 744-A has been built around it. A two kilometer perimeter surrounding the area is blocked off with a concrete wall topped with concertina wire, and is monitored by security cameras. Guard posts located on the perimeter are to be manned by security personnel armed with standard field gear. Any items produced by SCP-744 are to be retained until they can be used.
SCP-745's point of origin has been traced to an abandoned stretch of Highway ██ in northern New Mexico. The Foundation has purchased the surrounding land and the highway has been redirected. On-site security are disguised as Highway Patrol agents and are tasked with removing trespassers and capturing any new hunting pairs of SCP-745. Any SCP-745 creatures that are captured, live or dead, are to be loaded into class 3 BCU storage containers to await transport to Site 17. Containment procedures to preserve living specimens of SCP-745 are still being researched and no captured specimen has survived more than a week in captivity, but as there have been no new sightings of SCP-745 outside of its point of origin the species is presumed to be effectively contained. Requests for access to SCP-745 cadavers are to be forwarded to Dr. Langford directly.
SCP-746 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-66. Specialized bedding designed for SCP-746's anatomy is to be provided for comfort and be replaced every three months.
When being transported, SCP-746 is to be provided with an appropriately-sized wheelchair for mobility than the use of its provided cane. It is to also wear a control collar and be supervised by no less than three armed guards. A Foundation translator fluent in Japanese dialects is to be made present to facilitate communication with SCP-746.
Currently, SCP-746 is scheduled to attend English classes on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays with Dr. Kaya along with receiving physiotherapy.
All instances of SCP-747 are to be contained in a room exactly thirty (30) metres by ten (10) metres, with walls consisting of concrete fifteen (15) centimetres thick. All instances of SCP-747 are to be contained together in the same room. In the occurrence SCP-747 shows interest in any personnel, Procedure SCP-747-B9 must be performed immediately. Under no circumstances shall any unusual actions of SCP-747 go unreported to personnel level 3 or higher.
SCP-747 is allowed a total of twenty-five (25) dolls, excluding any created under SCP-747's influence. Any personnel that begin to show visible signs of SCP-747's influence are to be contained separately in similar conditions. Should a containment breach occur, task force 747-B8 is to be alerted and proceed with recapture immediately. Only under extreme circumstances are any personnel with clearance level three or higher to have any direct contact with SCP-747.
The non-anomalous structure above SCP-748 has been converted into Site-68. In the event of a civilian encounter, security personnel are to employ non-lethal force in conjunction with the administration of amnestics. A steel, barbed-wire fence must be maintained at a four km radius around SCP-748. Signs warning of toxic contamination are to be attached to the fence at every three meter interval.
Security has been increased in light of recent changes to SCP-748. Researchers are to travel and work in groups of no fewer than 3 and must be accompanied by an armed escort at all times. Security personnel are to be equipped with helmet-mounted live audio/video recording devices and all personnel must be equipped with a GPS tracking unit.
SCP-749 is to be contained in a sealed Live Containment Vault with a minimum of three armed guards at all times. All guards posted are to be equipped with chemical dispersal units loaded with appropriate insecticides at all times.
The walls of the vault are to be sloped in order to inhibit SCP-749's attempts to crawl up them; electrified mesh capable of delivering a 5000 volt shock is to be installed over all viewing windows.
To feed SCP-749, dedicated sprinklers are to be turned on and a mammal weighing no less than 70 kilograms is to be introduced into the habitat. The sprinklers are to remain on for at least an hour. Feeding is to take place every five days, and no additional personnel are permitted within the room while feeding takes place.
SCP-750 presents no threat unless applied directly to a human eye, and so shall be kept in Dr. Langley's office until all relevant tests and studies are completed. All instances of SCP-750 are to be removed from the previous user after testing has been completed, whereafter they are to be cleaned and returned to their included case.
SCP-751 is to be kept in a hermetically sealed container with a volume of one (1) cubic meter. The container must be maintained at high humidity and nutrients detailed in Document 751-A are to be injected into the container on a daily basis.
If a containment breach occurs, all on-site personnel are to be awakened and the sprinkler system filled with a high concentration saline solution and activated. Once SCP-751's body is located, it is to be disposed of according to standard Euclid disposal procedure.
Areas 752-1 through -4 have been constructed around the four known entrances to SCP-752. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-752, although unmanned infiltration missions using technology taken from inside SCP-752 are permitted. In the event of an uncontrollable containment breach, Protocol Shangdu-47 must be implemented. Otherwise, termination is not advised as it could lead to the release of SCP-752-1 in the event of failure.
Captured instances of SCP-752-1 must be transported to Site-17 for questioning and examination and under no circumstance allowed to return to SCP-752. Instances of SCP-752-1 found approaching any of the 752 sites are to be terminated on sight.
SCP-753 is currently contained at Sector-28, located on █████████ ██████ SCP-753 is to be contained in a 6m x 6m holding cell, monitored by surveillance cameras at all times. SCP-753 is to be provided with five (5) litres of each primary color of paint each day, along with twenty-four (24) standard painting canvases. All paintings created by SCP-753 are to be recorded by research staff.
In the event that SCP-753 attempts to destroy itself, security personnel are to restrain SCP-753 and await further orders from Research Staff present.
SCP-754 is to be kept under constant surveillance in a Bio-Hazard Containment Chamber. The room must be equipped with a liquid nitrogen emergency coolant system. A shallow planter of standard potting soil has been placed next to SCP-754 to provide a "target zone" for germination events.
No instances of SCP-754 are to be retained outside of use in sanctioned experiments. Material containing SCP-754-1 may be incinerated.
To dispose of SCP-754, the room must be sealed and liquid nitrogen piped in until the ambient temperature has been at or below 150 K for a minimum of fifteen (15) minutes. SCP-754, any surrounding soil, and all instances of SCP-754-1 shall be incinerated, save one paper fragment of approximately twenty-five (25) square centimetres, which is to be treated as "seed stock" with a freshly-illustrated sheet. If SCP-754 germinates from a location other than the provided planter, the site should be sterilized with hydrochloric acid. In the event of containment system failure of SCP-754, its growth will be inhibited by temperatures below 250 K until automated systems are restored.
One (1) standard sheet of paper with hand-drawn illustrations is to be placed on the table as needed. Current procedures call for the replacement and disposal of the oldest illustration once the newer sheet shows evidence of buds; at the current rate of growth, replacement should occur every two to three days. If this rate is observed to increase, notify the level 3 supervisor (as of 20██/██/██, Doctor Cairns). Under no circumstances are any SCP objects containing hand-drawn illustrations to be allowed within twenty (20) metres of SCP-754-1.
The capture of SCP-755-a is to be considered a K class priority to all personnel assigned to SCP-755. Should SCP-755-a be captured alive, all possible effort is to be made to ensure their compliance, and they are to be delivered to Humanoid Detaining Facility 17 for questioning and study.
Any and all instances of SCP-755-b discovered are to be reported immediately to a superior and destroyed if possible. After encountering an instance of SCP-755-b, the discovering party is to seek a safe location within view of the instance and to remain observant for their own safety until the arrival of MTF Gamma-30, then to obey any orders or requests for assistance made by the MTF leader at that time.
SCP-756's 10 m x 10 m cell is to remain accessible only by airlock. Personnel entering must wear EVA spacesuits (with an MMU if necessary) and ensure that they do not move too close to any of the planetoids in orbit. No lights are to be shone on or toward the planetoids, and anything that might be loosely described as a heat source must be kept as far from them as possible.
Developments on the surface of each planet are to be examined twice daily by a probe equipped with an electron microscope and a [DATA EXPUNGED], though recorded footage will have to be played in slow motion in order to make the slightest bit of sense.
In the event that Planet IV’s inhabitants attempt to build another satellite weapon (see Incident Report SCP-756 A), personnel assigned to remove it must remain aware that although missiles fired from IV's surface cannot penetrate standard-issue spacesuits, helmets or visors, weapons platforms will almost certainly fire more quickly than the average human being can move.
SCP-757 has been transplanted to a garden plot at Bio Site-103, which is to be under constant surveillance. Access to SCP-757 requires authorization from a researcher with level 3 clearance. The plot is to be cleaned of all rotten instances of SCP-757-1 twice a month, and they are to be incinerated on-site.
SCP-758 is to be kept in comfortable living quarters with whatever amenities he desires so long as they are within Foundation protocol. 758's quarters need neither lock nor guard. If he is found wandering the halls, contact one of the doctors studying the subject. He is to receive three meals a day and any snacks he may request. When speaking directly to SCP-758, he is to be addressed as "Vasili" at all times.
All samples of SCP-759 are to be stored in wide-mouthed, airtight ceramic or glass-lined containers. Samples are to be kept at temperatures no lower than 0.9 °C and no higher than 11.4 °C unless in active use. Once per week, the following procedure is to be observed by the assigned personnel for each active sample:
- Record date/time of feeding, feeder name, and feeder emotional state at time of feeding
- Open sample container
- Record visual/olfactory condition of sample
- Pour off and retain upper layer of liquid OR stir into main sample as assigned by Foundation orders
- Remove 125 g of sample in an airtight inert container- retain for ongoing analysis or other use as required
- Add 125 g unbleached, unbromated all-purpose white flour and 125 g pure distilled water
- Stir with clean, unpainted wooden implement until fully incorporated
- Seal container and return to cold storage
All removed samples are to be tracked and accounted for.
Each specimen of SCP-760 is to be kept in an individual containment area. The locks on the doors to these containment areas are to be changed every month. Feedings composed of ██ g of a nutrient-rich paste are to be issued once a day. Specimens are only to be introduced to each other in experiments meant to observe social interactions and subsequent psychological events between specimens. At least two armed guards are to be posted outside of each containment area at any time.
Each containment area is to be lit with no more than one (1) 40 watt light bulb, and equipped with low-light surveillance cameras. In the event of an equipment malfunction, equipment should be manually replaced as soon as possible, as instances of SCP-760 have a tendency to disassemble maintenance equipment.
Personnel are allowed to give specimens of SCP-760 items that they no longer want or need, given that the objects do not violate current Foundation regulations and that they are approved by the overseeing researcher.  include, but are not limited to:

Car keys (denied)
A broken clock (approved)
A 'Rubik's Cube' toy (approved)
Everyday trash (denied)
A broken Foundation computer (approved, provided that the hard drive is removed)

SCP-761's frame is to be contained in a standard containment chamber, located in Site-77. No net is to be attached to SCP-761, except for testing purposes. The testing chamber is to be suspended 25 meters from any other surface, only accessible via elevator. Any materials or documents relating to SCP-761 have been stored in Site-77's non-anomalous documentation area.
SCP-762 is held inside a storage crate at Site ██. As SCP-762 does not appear to be dangerous to anyone not placed inside of it, no further precautions are required. Anyone wishing to experiment with SCP-762 must get authorization from Dr. Rights.
SCP-763 is contained in Sub-Basement G of the now-defunct ██████ █████ veal production facility on the outskirts of ██████, Illinois. After the discovery of SCP-763, the Foundation acquired the facility, which was secured and designated Biological Site-██. The facility is still supplied with the liquid feed solution previously used to nourish veal calves, though only enough to maintain SCP-763's growth. The feeding system established by the facility's previous owner, Klaus ████, has been documented and should be maintained unless a more efficient feeding method is devised. If any components are added to SCP-763, the dosage of nutrient solution must be scaled up accordingly. Consult document SCP-763-█ for the volume and release time of solution to be provided per component.
Because of SCP-763's ability to absorb human organic matter into itself, it is vitally important that no personnel touch SCP-763 with bare skin.
SCP-764 is to be kept in Hazard Vault MT-███, with unlocking mechanisms only operable by two Class 1 Researchers or higher working in tandem. No personnel are to enter without proper safety precautions, and no personnel are to be in Hazard Vault MT-███ unless under the direct orders of Level 4 personnel or as part of an approved destruction attempt. Personnel entering Hazard Vault MT-███ are to wear the locking gauntlets in Containment Supply 313, size 14, and the key is not to be brought into the vault. The gauntlets physically prevent attempts to don SCP-764 due to their size, and therefore permit SCP-764 to be handled with a modicum of safety.
SCP-765 is to be isolated from the rest of Site-88 by a wire fence of at least 1.22 meters. Instances of SCP-765-1 are harmless beyond this area, and SCP-765's effects are negligible at this range. SCP-765 is to be staffed with a rotating group of researchers and guards. These personnel are to be changed every three to six days to avoid suffering the detrimental effects of SCP-765. Researchers who have been absent from SCP-765 for at least one month may apply for assignment to it again.
Due to SCP-766's immobile nature, Site-362 has been built around it. Operated by dummy corporation ██████ ███ ██ in ██████, Indonesia, SCP-766 is stored in a locked room behind the site's storage room. A wooden crate has been lowered over it, which is fastened to a cleat on the floor by a combination lock.
Though classified as Safe, precautions should be taken when interacting with SCP-766. Leather gloves and Plexiglas visors are recommended for handling, and are stored on-site.
SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-13 are to be held within SCP-767-14, which shall be kept closed and locked at all times. SCP-767 is to be held in the Hazardous  site administrator.
SCP-768 is stored without batteries in a standard Safe-class secure locker at Site ██. Access to SCP-768 requires approval from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and Site ██ Security must be notified of any experiments to be performed on SCP-768 at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance.
Any experimentation using SCP-768 must be performed in a remote isolation chamber at least 300 m away from any critical alarm systems. Researchers experimenting on SCP-768 must not bring any devices with alert mechanisms or alarms into the testing area, and researchers with personal medical alarm systems must not be allowed into the area while experimentation is underway.
SCP-769 must be kept inside a secure, waterproof vault whenever it is not in use. No fluid is to come in contact with the bowl outside of approved experiment protocols.
SCP-770 is to be stored in a 500 ml flask made of isotopically pure iron-56. The flask is to be evacuated of atmosphere, and stored in a de-pressurised steel safe, lined with isotopically pure iron-56 foil and 7.5 cm of lead. Currently, SCP-770 is stored at ███████ ███ ██.
SCP-770 is to be given nutrients in the form of 20 milligrams of technetium-95m gas, produced by the research reactor at ████ ██. These are to be administered twice a year.
SCP-770 may be removed for research and experimentation, providing a detailed research plan is approved by level 4 staff. All research staff must be qualified in dealing with radiological safety hazards. Research is to be carried out in an environmentally isolated laboratory, and research staff must use glove boxes or conventional bio-hazard suits. After SCP-770 has been returned to storage, the atmosphere of the laboratory must be purged, and any materials or instruments that have come into contact with SCP-770 are to be destroyed in a high temperature plasma arc furnace.
Addendum 770-1: Following Incident I-770-1, SCP-770 is not to be exposed to fissile (fertile super-heavy elements), including any isotopes of uranium, plutonium, thorium, or americium. Permission to perform experiments using these elements will be immediately denied. Agent ████████ has been posthumously commended for his quick thinking in preventing a [DATA EXPUNGED].
All SCP-772 specimens are to be contained in their 18 m x 18 m x 9 m enclosure, which is contained within a 20 m x 20 m x 10 m hermetically sealed chamber located at Sector-07. A maximum capacity of fifteen (15) specimens per this enclosure is advised, as exceeding this number could result in heightened levels of SCP-772 aggression. This chamber is fitted with a pneumatic fluoridated aluminum dispenser that may be activated remotely if an emergency euthanisation of SCP-772 is necessary, resulting in the suffocation and incineration of all SCP-772 specimens. This emergency euthanisation mechanism and all related equipment must undergo routine maintenance checks to ensure adequate performance. The interval between maintenance checks is not to exceed seven (7) days. SCP-772 eggs are to be stored in a well-lit freezer at a temperature no higher than -10º C (14º F). Surplus/unwanted eggs are to be incinerated immediately and the resulting debris must be examined for any signs of life. If signs of life are present a second round of incineration is authorised. The same procedure should be applied to all expired/unneeded subjects who are, or could possibly be, SCP-772 hosts.
NOTE: Personnel intending to use SCP-772 for purposes not qualifying as research-oriented must obtain O5 authorisation. – Dr. Woodside
SCP-773 requires no special containment procedures at this time, and is to be held at Site-██ in secure storage until further notice.
All supplies of SCP-774 are to be kept in sealed metal barrels designed for hazardous chemical waste. Subjects are to be maintained on hospital beds, kept alive via Procedure 17-A.
Interaction with SCP-775 is to be carried out via robotic assistance whenever possible. Should direct human interaction be required, all staff must wear the Mk2 contained-atmosphere armored Haz-Mat suit at all times. Should any tear be found in a suit, the subject must be immediately placed in quarantine and checked for signs of infestation. Containment area must be coated in a layer of plate steel, with all joints and seams made as tight as possible without compromising structural integrity. A two-part airlock seal is to be maintained as the single access point to the containment area. Airlocks will be flooded with bleach if any unit of SCP-775 is detected within the airlock, and remain flooded for five minutes, or until all SCP-775 have been terminated. Containment area is to be sprayed with bleach on a monthly basis to maintain population density. Feedings are not to exceed twice [DATA EXPUNGED] provided only at the discretion of Site Command.
A 6.5 meter wall with posted guards and a surveillance system has been built around the town inhabited by SCP-776-A. Civilians are under the impression that this marks the territory of a government research facility. Site-██ has been established within these limits for research into the anomalous properties of SCP-776-A. Personnel assigned to SCP-776-A are free to interact with its members at any given time, but are encouraged to limit such contact to only that which is needed to further understanding of the SCP. Interaction with members of SCP-776-A is limited strictly to testing in light of the events of Incident 776-3. No individual who is part of the SCP-776-A group is allowed to leave the town under any circumstances.
The area known as SCP-777 is to be contained behind two (2) meter tall electrical fencing. Motion activated turrets are to be placed within the area in order to prevent any instances of SCP-777-1 from escaping the containment area. No liquids are allowed within the area known as SCP-777.
Any civilians approaching SCP-777 are to be interrogated and subsequently dosed with Class-A amnestics. For the sake of secrecy, SCP-777 is to be represented as a military bombing range on all maps of the area, and any satellite imaging is to be doctored by dedicated staff to represent the area as such.
Any personnel entering SCP-777 are to wear sealed ventilated pressure suits to prevent liquid coming into contact with SCP-777. These suits are to be checked for ruptures before entering SCP-777. Any instances of SCP-777-1 outside of SCP-777 are to be destroyed at the first possible opportunity.
In the event that SCP-777 experiences rainfall, on-site personnel are to authorize a bombing run to neutralize the threat posed.
SCP-778 is particularly dangerous in that it is immobile and centered in [DATA EXPUNGED] National Park, which is frequented by civilians. Signs or public documents displaying maps of or mentioning the existence of SCP-778 are to be erased, destroyed, or rewritten as necessary. Public awareness of SCP-778 must be avoided as much as possible. Placing signs over the trailhead marking it as "closed" and "dangerous" has been found effective and is to remain in place. Two undercover agents are to be located within the park at all times to monitor civilian access to or awareness of SCP-778. These measures should be effective in deterring civilians from contact with SCP-778.
SCP-779 is currently contained at Site ██, in ██████. SCP-779 specimens are to be contained in a 6 m x 6 m chamber with no furniture. All personnel entering SCP-779's containment chamber are to wear hazmat suits. Hazmat suits are to be checked for ruptures before and after entering the containment chamber.
In the event of a suit breach, compromised personnel are to be removed from the area and detained for twenty-four (24) hours. SCP-779 is to be provided with one (1) liter of milk each day.
SCP-780 must be kept in a locked steel box 10 cm x 10 cm x 10 cm, with walls at least 1 cm thick. This box is to be kept on a 5 meter pedestal, at the center of a 20 meter x 20 meter concrete room. Individuals wishing to approach SCP-780 must submit to a full-body search, and may not bring plants (living or artificial), images of plants, descriptions of plants, or digital displays of any kind within 10 meters of SCP-780 except as part of a preapproved test protocol. Individuals with plant tattoos are likewise forbidden from approaching SCP-780 except during testing.
SCP-781 is to be contained within a reinforced cell with a buffer zone at least 25mx25m surrounding it. Subject's cell should include a bed, bathroom, and limited forms of entertainment as approved. As soon as subject initiates sleep, usually at around 20:00, all personnel present in the main containment chamber should evacuate. All personnel are prohibited from interfering with any situation within SCP-781's chamber between 20:00 and 07:00, despite any pleas for aid or attention from SCP-781. [See Addendum 781-05]
SCP-781 is to be interviewed each morning at 07:00 by Dr. Glass. Any personnel seeing SCP-781 in their dreams are to report to Dr. Glass for documentation.
SCP-781's remains should be collected and placed upon the middle of his containment chamber after any incident resulting in its death.
All known copies of SCP-782 are to be kept at Storage Site-██. ██ copies are currently in storage; the total number of existing copies is unknown. Mobile Task Force Kappa-██ ("The Bookworms") is tasked with searching libraries, used book stores and thrift stores for copies still in circulation. Copies of SCP-782 must be stored in a low humidity environment to discourage decomposition. If possible, personnel handling copies of SCP-782 should not be capable of reading English. English-literate personnel are to treat SCP-782 as a Gabriel-7 level memetic threat.
Personnel must monitor the town of Temby, and continue to develop the entity's profile. Its victims are to be retrieved, incinerated, and cataloged in this file.
Update: Due to recent events, a stronger Foundation presence has been determined to be necessary for the containment of SCP-783 and its related phenomena. An ancillary building near the local hospital, as well as two domiciles, have been commandeered from the locals for Foundation use.
This property in its entirety has been re-designated as a provisional Site-5.
SCP-784 has been disguised as a gated community and is currently surrounded by a 3.5-meter-high, 0.8-meter-thick concrete wall to deter intrusion. The top of the wall is lined with electrified steel cable, and the gate is to be locked. Any non-Foundation personnel attempting to enter SCP-784 are not to be interfered with, due to the possibility of provoking a violent reaction from the occupants of SCP-784. Non-Foundation personnel exiting SCP-784 are to be detained, questioned, and released following administration of a Class-B amnestic. Foundation personnel entering SCP-784 are to be dressed in traditional Christmas wear prior to entering SCP-784.
The area composing SCP-784 is to be monitored remotely by a Foundation-controlled weather balloon. In the event that personnel are required to enter SCP-784, all involved personnel must have memorized the entire contents of the A██ P███████ 'Beginners Guide to Christmas Carols'. They are to be checked for precision prior to entering SCP-784. Due to SCP-784's proximity to suburban housing developments, as well as the ramifications of provoking SCP-784-1, patrols within SCP-784 are to be unarmed except during a Noel event. In the case of an unexpected Noel event, members of SCP-784-1 are to be restrained as non-violently as possible while Foundation personnel prepare procedure 784-C.
If periodic global searches of governmental records report the registration of any restaurant with the phrase “Uncle █████'s ████ █████’” in its title, a containment breach is to be reported to both the supervising researcher of SCP-785 and the leader of Mobile Task Force Beta-3 (“Take-out Diners”). MTF Beta-3 is to secure the restaurant (SCP-785-2) and prevent any civilians from entering or exiting. Following the lockdown of the immediate area, a five kilometer radius quarantine is to be constructed around SCP-785-2. All civilians inside the quarantine are to be interviewed and administered Class A or B amnestics, on a case-by-case basis. The restaurant owner and all individuals knowledgeable about SCP-785-2 or its origins will be personally interviewed by the overseeing Level 4 researcher. Following the interview process, the Foundation is to ensure that all media reports will have the restaurant name (SCP-785-1) altered. Due to the extensive amount of time required in resolving a SCP-785 containment breach, it is advised that Standard Cover Story 12 (“Gas Leak”) be deployed.
Only the current leader of MTF Beta-3 and the overseeing researcher of SCP-785 are to know the full title of SCP-785-1. During containment operations all operatives must have equipment possessing real-time sensory modification software that prevents them from either reading or hearing the full title. If either individual is suspected of leaking SCP-785-1 an immediate interrogation is to be conducted.
For purposes of experimentation, one instance of SCP-785-2 is to be contained inside Site-23. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to interact with it.
SCP-786 is not autonomous and its peculiar properties appear to be both safe and predictable. It is to be kept in a secure storage room at Site 19 with standard surveillance precautions in place. However, it is important that the storage room be kept secure against vermin of any sort. The room must be sealed to prevent entry by insects, rodents, and other small creatures, and fumigated on a bi-monthly basis.
SCP-787 is currently contained within Hangar 04 at Sector-28. Security cameras and sound recording equipment are to be stationed in the cockpit, passenger area, and baggage hold of SCP-787 to record any anomalous events. In the event of any anomalous activity within SCP-787, access to the interior of SCP-787 is to be prohibited for a minimum of 72 hours.
SCP-788 is contained at Site ██ in a high-temperature ceramic lined chamber 25 m in diameter, filled with molten lead kept at a temperature of 900 degrees Centigrade. If SCP-788 becomes active or attempts to break containment, its containment chamber is to be cooled until SCP-788 ceases movement. SCP-788 is to be fed 500g pellets of iron and magnesium on a daily basis.
All physical telephone and internet connections have been removed from SCP-789. The property is to be examined weekly for the appearance of new connections. If any are found, they must be severed immediately.
WiFi damping equipment is to be kept active on the property at all times. In addition, a security network over the surrounding three kilometres is to be monitored for the arrival of potential civilian prey items. Class-B amnestics are to be applied and individuals are to be returned to their homes.
Once monthly, one Class-D with a history of child abuse is to be released into the structure housing SCP-789. D-Class previously scheduled tested with SCP-204, SCP-2672, and SCP-3530 have been used historically for this purpose.
Non-Class-D personnel working with SCP-789 are to be subjected to psychological screening. Unfit personnel are to be reassigned.
SCP-790 is to be kept under observation at all times, and must be contained within an airtight cell, ideally with an airlock in place of a door. Also, given SCP-790’s curiosity, the furniture within the cell must be of materials that will not absorb liquid: the mattress, being the sole exception to this rule, is to be replaced once a week and incinerated as quickly as possible to avoid containment breaches.
Personnel interacting with SCP-790 should not attempt to make any sort of physical contact with its host’s flesh or any of the discharged fluid unless wearing gloves or, in the case of emergencies, a full hazmat suit.
SCP-790 needs to be fed only once a month, apparently to vary its diet from the bone and tissue already absorbed from 790-01; personnel that have become familiar with its needs estimate that two hundred kilograms of raw meat is sufficient nourishment (beef appears to be a favourite). However, since the ingestion process begins with [DATA EXPUNGED] SCP-790-01's mouth [DATA EXPUNGED] until [DATA EXPUNGED] and then [DATA EXPUNGED], personnel are advised to leave the room before SCP-790 begins eating.
In the event that it does become aggressive, SCP-790 is best subdued and calmed by heat- dispensed at a temperature of 37.0°C by the cell's air conditioning system.
Containment area is to have a sealed drainage system, and any materials or liquids collected are to be submitted for testing and review. Emergency drainage systems are to be maintained at all times, and must possess no fewer then eight filtration screens.
SCP-791 is to be held in a wide-weave steel mesh bag, to allow for ease of location in a “Draining” event, and to pre-contain any biological events. Removal from the bag may only be done under testing conditions.
SCP-792 is surrounded by an electric fence topped with razor-wire, measuring 4 meters high. The only entrance to SCP-792 is a gate on the south side, which is to be guarded by three (3) armed security personnel at all times. Additional security personnel are posted every 1.5 km around the perimeter. SCP-792 must be inspected weekly for new instances of SCP-792-1, except between September 2nd and October 31st. No other personnel are to be admitted to the area.
SCP-793 is to be marked with stakes marking the perimeter of the "Zone of Denial" (A base distance of 13.4 meters from each side of the ████████ ██████ Medicinal Center is to be marked as the Zone of Denial, with a second perimeter extending the Zone of Denial out an extra 50 meters to be regarded as the "Restricted Zone"). Signs - placed on the perimeter of the Zone of Denial - must state "No Unauthorized Entrance" in the following languages: English, French, Swahili, Luba-Kasai, Kikongo, and Luganda. When testing, access is to be restricted to Class-Ds. No other Foundation personnel are to be allowed entrance. The future installation of security cameras around the hospital is a possibility.
The area in a 10 km radius surrounding SCP-794 has been designated as a no-fly zone and all unauthorized personnel attempting to enter the area are to be detained for questioning. Unauthorized aircraft attempting to enter the airspace around SCP-794 are to be signalled off immediately, and any that fail to follow instructions are to be intercepted and detained at Containment Site 794-Alpha.
Personnel may only approach within the 1400 m "Red Zone" of SCP-794 with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel, and may stay within the area for no longer than 30 minutes at a time. Personnel experiencing any nausea or exhibiting any strange or psychotic behavior must be removed immediately and quarantined pending psychological and physical evaluation.
SCP-795 is to be contained in a 75 m x 5 m area divided and secured with clear Plexiglas walls containing locked doors as follows:
(a) One wall/door at 5 m from the far end of the room. SCP-795 lives in the 5 m x 5 m space thus created.
(b) One wall/door at 35 m. This defines the outer limit of the area that SCP-795 can affect while contained in Area (a).
(c) One wall/door at 65 m. Area (c) may be used safely for observation while SCP-795 is contained in Area (a), but must be cleared if an interaction is taking place in Area (b).
(d) A standard containment door at 75 m. This creates a 10 x 5 m area where SCP-795 can be safely observed while released into Area (b).
Two Level 1 guards are to be posted in Area (c); they should move to Area (d) if SCP-795 is in Area (b) for an experiment. Due to injury potential, non-D-Class personnel are not permitted to interact directly with SCP-795. An automated food and water dispenser, and litter changer have been installed in Area (a) to limit unnecessary contact with SCP-795.
If necessary, SCP-795 may be tranquilized from a distance and then safely handled.
Additional cats exposed to SCP-795 must be contained in an identical manner for a period of three hours.
As SCP-796 affects only one individual at any one time, information concerning it need only be suppressed at a local level. Clinical and psychiatric records are to be screened for possible mentions of SCP-796's effects. The current affected individual is to be identified and located as soon as possible. Should an individual be confirmed to be under the effect of SCP-796, they are to be coerced into containment. The use of force, lethal or otherwise, is not permitted against individuals suspected of being affected by SCP-796.
Once the current affected individual is located, they are to be housed in a modified humanoid containment chamber lined with memory foam and equipped with microphones with a sensitivity of at least -35dB to confirm the continued presence of SCP-796. In addition, the subject must be inspected daily for any new wounds; a lack of new wounds may indicate a breach of containment. Wounds inflicted on the affected subject must be disinfected and treated promptly. Similarly, damage to the containment chamber as a result of SCP-796 must be repaired as soon as possible. Essential personnel are not to approach 100m of the containment chamber without prior authorisation, and contact with the affected subject is to be limited only to non-essential and D-Class personnel. In addition, at least one D-Class personnel is to reside in the 100m exclusion area at all times.
The death of the current affected individual is to be considered a possible containment breach. As such, their safety must be ensured at all times. In the case of their death, the residing D-Class personnel will be inspected for signs of SCP-796 and subsequently contained as necessary.
Update: As of 01/02/2005, SCP-796 is currently contained by Subject-796-17. As Subject-796-17 has not expired despite being affected by SCP-796 for more than six months, he is to be considered as a more permanent solution to containing SCP-796.
Subject-796-17 has so far requested the following:

A selection of fiction books, preferably of the romance genre - Approved
Portable music player - Denied
A phone call - Denied
Cat food - Approval pending

Update: As of 23/03/2006, the above containment procedures are now obsolete. Subject-796-17 is to be located and captured as soon as possible. See Addendum-796-03.
SCP-797 is to be contained in a room six (6) metres in length and six (6) metres in width. Walls (including floor and ceiling) must be at least 10 cm thick. Room is to be air-tight, with filtering system to clean the air of any bacteria. Every seven (7) days, a human cadaver of any age, condition, gender, or race is to be deposited in SCP-797's containment. After a period of twenty-four (24) hours, the cadaver is to be removed. Under no circumstances are any personnel to interact with SCP-797. Should SCP-797 enter a rage state, SCP-797-01 is to be eliminated via incineration and a new cadaver wheeled in, prompting a re-set of schedule.
SCP-798 is currently housed in an 80 cm by 60 cm cage on a wooden table. No personnel should approach SCP-798 alone. SCP-798’s cage is to be kept secure within a low-level cell.
Each specimen of SCP-799 is to be kept in a separate bio-containment cell at Bio-Site-66. 100 g of dry brine shrimp is to be sprinkled over each object monthly; if this is not available, 500 g of household dust will suffice. It has been determined that Bio-Site-66’s maintenance staff remove significantly more than the necessary quantity of dust from the D-class dorms monthly. This dust is to be collected in the usual dustpan bags and delivered as necessary. No more than 500 g per specimen is necessary or advised. Should any "throw pillows" or similar objects appear, they are to be placed in separate containment immediately and the presiding researcher notified.
The objects are not to be removed from containment except as authorized for testing.
SCP-800 is currently contained in a 50 cm x 200 cm x 2 cm hermetically sealed glass case. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard opecept under controlled testing conditions and with prior O5-level approval.
All iterations of SCP-801 are to be kept in a metal locker on Foundation grounds. Access to SCP-801 for testing purposes is granted to any personnel Level 2 and above. All articles of SCP-801 should be dry-cleaned after testing. No further containment procedures aside from standard security are required.
A security perimeter must be maintained at a fifteen kilometer radius around SCP-802's territory. Due to the large area needed to be covered, and the isolated nature of SCP-802's territory, warning signs, fences, automated security systems, and regular patrols should be sufficient to prevent unauthorized intrusion. No fewer than three lines of containment must be maintained within the perimeter at all times. These lines must consist of:
Outer Perimeter: Basic fences, trenches, and concrete and steel vehicle obstacles. Regular patrols with anti-tank weaponry equipped.
Intermediate Perimeter: Additional anti-tank trenches and obstacles. Perimeter must also be secured with an unbroken line of anti-tank mines.
Inner Perimeter: Inner perimeter must be secured with an unbroken line of Dragon's Teeth anti-tank obstacles constructed out of reinforced concrete. Additional anti-tank mines must be added.
Road access to SCP-802's territory is prohibited. The only allowable modes of transportation into the perimeter are either by foot or by air. Under no circumstances are the perimeter defenses to be breached or compromised to allow vehicle access. Only Level 3 personnel or higher are allowed within the perimeter. Any unauthorized access can and will result in immediate termination.
All ██ instances of SCP-803 are to be contained in seperate biohazard containment cells at Site-██. The specimens are to be fitted with radio transmitters set to secure channels. One D-class subject is to be provided for experimentation in the event of extreme hostility from SCP-803 instances.
Until such time as SCP-804 is found to be without any memetic effect it is to remain in its original location at the former site of █████ █████, Alaska, where exposure to the elements prevents its reactivation. A 30m x 30m camouflage tarp is to be maintained over SCP-804 and facilities for armed guards and testing are to be maintained 130 meters from its location. Trespassers are to be treated with a Class-A amnestics and returned to the nearest town of [DATA EXPUNGED] or terminated at the discretion of on-site security. In the event of SCP-804 being approached or seized by a hostile armed force, Contingency 804-X is to be executed.
SCP-805 is to be kept in a stable in Sector ██. This is to be locked shut at night with at least one guard of Level 2 clearance or above stationed at the main door at all times. During daylight, personnel of Level 3 clearance or above with adequate equine handling skills are allowed and encouraged to interact with SCP-805, provided they are wearing full body coverings or hazmat suits. SCP-805 is to be treated like a normal young horse and is allowed into the adjoining courtyard for exercise during the day. At this time, samples may be taken from SCP-805 for testing. Staff are reminded that SCP-805 will react to inappropriate treatment like a normal horse, which resulted in Incident [DATA EXPUNGED]. Any personnel found to be mistreating SCP-805 will be immediately removed from the area and clearance to SCP-805 revoked.
SCP-806 is to be kept sealed in Containment Locker 8 at Bio-Site-66. Researchers interested in utilizing the item are to contact Dr. Bridge for an interview.
SCP-806-1-a has been given a standard humanoid containment suite at Bio Site-66. SCP-806-1-a is permitted Level-0 clearance, if supervised by at least one (1) Level-1 personnel at all times.
SCP-806-1 may only be created upon explicit written approval by both Dr Bridge and Dr Seidelman of Site-66, or O-5 approval.
SCP-807 is to be kept in a locked safe deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
SCP-807 may be removed from its storage container with proper authorization for experimentation. All personnel working around SCP-807 must be well-fed, and should wear oral restraints to prevent accidental ingestion.
SCP-808 is currently unable to be moved from its original location. As such, Armed Containment Site-27 has been built around the area in which it was found.
SCP-808 is contained within a six (6) meter by seven (7) meter by seventeen (17) meter containment tank. Unit is constructed from ten (10) centimeter thick walls of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), covered by twenty-five (25) centimeter thick acoustic foam. Furthermore, wooden sound dampeners are constructed three (3) meters from the container, to further insulate the object. These dampeners are susceptible to regular degradation, and as such are to be replaced by Class-D personnel.
SCP-808’s housing (Area 808-a) is currently set with ██ explosive charges. The public cover story is that the property has been purchased by the military as a training area, allowing for complete destruction of the object if required. Barring maintenance, a thirty (30) meter buffer zone is to be maintained around the object at all times.
Once monthly, SCP-808’s tank is to be opened and the main body is to be inspected for degradation. If sufficiently degraded, a diluted phosphoric acid spray is to be applied, then the object is to be power-washed and coated with further rustproofing agents.


A portion of SCP-808


Machinery originally found within the structure has been removed to a storage area 250 meters to the southwest. In the event that any unconnected machinery in the vicinity of SCP-808 begins to operate, all personnel are to evacuate to Evac Point Beta. As a precaution to repel invaders, automated motion-sensitive flame-based defensive installations around the object will activate in the event of a Site lockdown.
SCP-809 is to be kept in a secure storage locker in Site 19. No additional security beyond a standard keypad lock is necessary for containment. A room outfitted with monitoring equipment and four-point restraints is recommended for testing on unwilling subjects. As of ██/██/20██, please contact Agent ██████ to confirm availability of SCP-809.
SCP-810 is to be kept in a transparent container and should be kept under video surveillance at all times. During experimentation, it is only to be handled by Class-D personnel or while wearing gloves. After any experiment is concluded, any Class-D personnel who may 'own' the SCP are to be terminated.
SCP-811 should be kept in a climate-controlled, cylindrical glass enclosure, between ten (10) and twenty (20) (inclusive) metres in diameter, filled to a depth of no less than two and a half (2.5) metres on average with wetland soil and stagnant fresh water. It is to be furnished with a variety of aquatic plants from its native swamp in █████, as the remaining vegetation there has exhibited the adaptation to regrow quickly from injuries endured during contact with SCP-811 as long as the roots are undamaged. Logs of manageable size and additional humus-rich soil may be provided for good behavior.
Water depth is not to exceed half a metre (0.5) at its lowest point. Height of the enclosure must be no less than five (5) metres above the highest soil point. Temperature is to be kept at 25°C, and humidity should be kept above 70%. There is to be a decontamination airlock chamber between the door into the enclosure and the door into the rest of the facility. Air that is ventilated into the enclosure should not be recirculated back into the rest of the facility under any circumstances. The methane resulting from SCP-811's normal interaction with its environment is not anomalous and may be bottled for use as fuel. No heated elements or open flames are permitted inside the enclosure.
The enclosure must be tested daily for pH and microbe levels in both the soil and water, as well as for changes in chemical composition. Enclosure should be cleaned biweekly, preferably by D-class personnel. All discarded waste should be put in quarantine for analysis before disposal by standard biohazard protocol.
Subject is to be given at least five (5) kg of live food 24 hours after its completion of its previous meal. Subject is not averse to preying on humans, and it is recommended that personnel not enter the enclosure if SCP-811 has not fed in over 16 hours.
No invasive medical procedure may be performed on SCP-811 outside of emergency situations in which such a procedure is required to save the subject's life. Minimally invasive procedures require review and unanimous approval by SCP-811's assigned medical team and the current project head. See Document 811-b for a list of substances that may be administered as medication to SCP-811.
All requests by the subject are to be reviewed by both an overseeing animal enrichment specialist and at least one Level 3 personnel before approval, and the review should not take more than 48 hours, unless exceptional circumstances dictate otherwise.
While SCP-811 is not generally aggressive unless it feels hungry or threatened, all handling personnel are to be cautioned that it is still an opportunistic ambush predator, and safety precautions must still be taken to avoid possible injury or infection. All personnel entering the enclosure must wear full-body, non-organic biohazard suits and breath masks, and must be in groups of at least two. No personnel are to enter the enclosure if they have open wounds or sores anywhere on their body. Those suffering from asthma or other respiratory-affecting conditions are prohibited from entering the enclosure without a signed note from a physician with Level 4 security clearance.
As far as research indicates, SCP-811 cannot cause serious injury to anyone properly wearing their biohazard suit. Anyone who removes any part of their biohazard suit while still in the enclosure, for any reason at all, will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including reassignment to a project that would not be adversely affected by their status as an amputee.
Being inanimate and more or less inert, SCP-812 can theoretically be stored almost anywhere. However, to prevent accidental flooding, the object should be kept outdoors. Only one of the object's doors should be opened at a time; carelessness, particularly in transit, can and will result in drowning. If both doors are opened at once, the rate of flow will render the act of closing the double doors impossible; close the side door and the flow will stop.
SCP-812 is currently housed at Site 19, outside, next to the general equipment sheds. It is to be kept securely locked, and tampering by unauthorized personnel is grounds for demotion and/or disciplinary action.
SCP-813 is housed at Site-117 and contained in a 2m cubic steel crate filled with an industrial foam. SCP-813 must be encased within this foam at all times and must not come into direct contact with the interior walls of the container. The crate is suspended by industrial-grade elastic supports and is not permitted within 3m of any surface.
Hosts of SCP-813-1 are to be held in separate standard humanoid containment cells. Each instance of SCP-813-1 should be removed from its host as quickly as reasonable. For information on surgical procedures necessary to SCP-813-1 removal, see Document-813-1. After removal, each instance will be contained in separate airtight steel canisters (1cm x 0.5cm 0.5cm). In the event that an SCP-813-1 host expires, or an instance(s) of SCP-813-1 itself is unaccounted for, the immediate area must enter lock-down and a search will be organized for the instance(s) in question. All personnel handling SCP-813-1 instances or hosts are to wear reinforced glass face shields. Any containment personnel experiencing optical distress or anomalies must be evaluated immediately.
SCP-813 is not to be located within 10km of SCP-882 or any artifact with a connection to the Church of the Broken God.
SCP-814-1 is to be kept in a sprung, evacuated anechoic chamber within the Quiet Area of a Type IV acoustic containment facility. SCP-814-2 is to be stored in a climate-controlled locker outside the facility's Quiet Area. As its mechanisms are very fragile, SCP-814-1 is not to be accessed under any circumstances without the authorization of its Senior Researcher or HMCL. In the event of a Site emergency, SCP-814 is to be remotely destroyed.
SCP-815 requires no extraordinary containment procedures beyond a standard keypad-locked storage locker. Contact Doctor Meyers for access permissions. Under no circumstances should any non-class-D personnel open SCP-815. SCP-815 should be handled carefully as to prevent accidental activation.
SCP-816 is currently contained to Provisionary Site-██ of its own volition. A containment breach is not considered likely, and any containment breach would likely end without intervention, as SCP-816 requires access to SCP-816-1 in order to survive, and is not capable of moving SCP-816-1. SCP-816-1 must be re-wound every 50 years to ensure continued dependence. In the event that SCP-816 becomes no longer dependent upon SCP-816-1, Contingency 816-C must be immediately enacted (see document SCP-816-█) Provisionary Site-██ [Site-P/██] has been established to contain and research SCP-816. Site-P/██ is a home in █████████, Switzerland, and SCP-816 is confined to its basement.
SCP-817 is held in a solitary confinement cell in Site-██. Numerous mechanisms for incapacitating SCP-817 are built into its cell, including sedative-loaded darts, pumps to fill the chamber with sleeping gas, pumps to remove oxygen from the chamber, a mechanism to flood the chamber with water or acidic or alkaline solutions, an electric current that can be run through the floor and walls, a mechanism to fill the entire room with quick-hardening foam, and a mechanism to introduce approximately three hundred (300) black flies to the room (SCP-817 has a known phobia of flying insects.)
The remainder of SCP-817’s containment procedure varies based on its current abilities. The following procedures must be re-evaluated and revised every time SCP-817 undergoes a metamorphic shift.
SCP-817’s containment chamber is currently a simple, padded confinement cell (apart from the measures mentioned above) air conditioned to eighteen (18) degrees Celsius. SCP-817 is fed ██ kilograms of cooked meat daily, as in its current form it consumes calories very rapidly. A detachment of at least five (5) armed security personnel must be present whenever SCP-817 is released from its cell, restraints must be placed on its ‘wing’ structures, and a specially designed muzzle on its head and neck.
SCP-818 was confined in a circular area of no less than four meters across, with no object directly obscuring the walls. SCP-818's containment area contained: one (1) sleeping mattress, one (1) table, and one (1) light fixture, fitted with high wattage fluorescent light bulbs. SCP-818's cell was not, under any circumstances, rearranged, nor was the light turned off. Personnel were not permitted in SCP-818's holding cell, nor any area within an additional ten meters around the cell's perimeter, during its active times (from exactly 8:43 A.M. to 9:21 P.M). Personnel exposed to SCP-818's area of effect during its active time were reclassified to Class D and enrolled in SCP-818's test group.
The following document, attributed to the original project head Dr. █████ (19██ to 199█), was considered the major directive of the project for eight years and was given to each new member of the research staff. It is retained here for archival purposes:

It should be noted that SCP-818 is a creature of precise habits. It will follow a specific script [See Attached File SCP-818-Script], without fail each day, to the letter. Built into this model are the times of deviation during which SCP-818 must be closely monitored. It should go without saying that failure to note ANY AND ALL additional deviations could be disastrous.

SCP-819 is currently housed in a secured locker in Site-19. Permission from Dr. Dreyn is required to access items SCP-819-A through F.
Foundation MTF █-█ "Methyl Heads" will regularly treat areas prone to SCP-820 with such pesticides as might be utilised by farmers native to those areas. In addition to this, media coverage in the affected areas will be controlled to encourage citizens to remain indoors and in a safe place until swarm season has ended. A focus in media coverage during the off season will be sensationalist stories designed to increase everyday paranoia and form habits in viewers conducive to personal safety.
A small group of SCP-820 specimens (between █,███ and ██,███ individuals) is to be housed in Bio-Research Site-176, with research aimed toward [DATA EXPUNGED]. These specimens are to be housed in a secure translucent terrarium exposed to sunlight via skylights located in containment wing beta. Access to the specimens will require at least level three authorization as well as accompaniment by a member of the permanent SCP-820 research team.
The area SCP-821 is located in has been purchased by the Foundation, with a standard containment warehouse constructed around it, designated Containment Outpost 821. Daily inspections of SCP-821's exterior structure are to be performed by security personnel, with any significant changes being reported to the containment supervisor. No personnel are to enter SCP-821 due to its structural instability.
Specimens of SCP-822 are contained in an isolation chamber at Biological Containment Site-103. Personnel may not approach within 5 meters of the chamber at any time; watering and soil conditioning are to be done via automated systems and any maintenance work must be done remotely with robotic assistance.
SCP-823 is to be secured by no fewer than six (6) on-site personnel until such time as decontamination protocols can be established and the artifact in question neutralized. Personnel must respect a twenty meter (20 m) safe zone around the currently established Red (No Entry) Zone at all costs. Any individual, civilian or not, who enters the established Red Zone is to be terminated immediately by sniper fire.
Should music or piping be heard emanating from within the Red Zone, Foundation personnel on-site are to immediately don protective earplugs and withdraw from their positions to a two kilometer (2 km) perimeter, beyond the currently established Yellow (No Civilian Presence) Zone, and inform Foundation scientific personnel immediately. Following the realignment event, Foundation science personnel will survey the area and determine the boundaries of the new Red and Yellow zones using Procedure 823-1-Alpha.
Due to the necessity of maintaining auditory alertness, no personal music devices or radios aside from necessary equipment are to be allowed at the observation site.
Eighteen specimens of SCP-824 and two specimens of SCP-824-1 are to be kept at a dedicated greenhouse at Site 41. No other plants are to be planted in this greenhouse. Fifty kilograms of dead plant matter are to be provided to each specimen weekly.
Research Site 824 has been established on ████████████ Island, Japan, with the intent of studying the interaction between residents and SCP-824-1, along with the culture and history of the island in general. The Foundation has absorbed the local government's disinformation and counterintelligence activities in lieu of full-scale removal of SCP-824-1 from the island. This is intended to minimize the Foundation's impact on the civilian population of the island.
At least two Foundation members must be present for any interaction with SCP-825. One member must be designated Monitor and remain at least 2 m from SCP-825 at all times. If accidental application occurs, the Monitor should notify the security team. The Monitor must not attempt removal of SCP-825 without supervision.
It is recommended that test subjects should not have SCP-825 applied for more than 180 minutes. Any experiment involving longer application must have security team present for removal, as test subject may behave unpredictably.
SCP-826 is to be kept in a 25 cm x 25 cm safe with a numerical keypad lock. The combination for the lock will be given only to those with Level-2 clearance and will be changed on a weekly basis.
Site 827 has been established at the location of SCP-827's discovery. For the purposes of the Foundation, SCP-827 has been outfitted with a specialized cell reactor that allows for introduction of samples and removal of their products. Personnel actively interacting with SCP-827 are to wear full Level-C or higher Hazmat gear.
Samples introduced into SCP-827 require approval of project director. Samples from only one individual at a time are to be introduced to ensure there is no genetic cross-contamination. All samples are to be screened for genetic chimerism. In the event that more than one distinct genetic sample is introduced to SCP-827, the sample is to be removed using procedure 827-Hari and incinerated.
Tissue from the central nervous system is not to be used in SCP-827 tests following Incident 827-██.
SCP-828-1 is to be housed in the Site-641 marine mammal rehabilitation center located 10 kilometers inland from the coastline of Somerset Island, in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is to be kept in regular contact with site personnel and interviewed regularly by the on-site psychologist. To facilitate this, SCP-828-1 has been granted limited mobility. It is to be surveilled via a GPS-enabled ankle monitoring system. If SCP-828-1 approaches within 5 kilometers of the ocean it is to be intercepted by onsite security personnel and returned to containment. Following review by the Site Director, SCP-828-1 may be placed in restrictive housing. SCP-828-1 is not to come in contact with any prepubescent human subjects. If this occurs, SCP-828-1 will be mandatorily placed in restrictive housing and an independent investigation of Foundation personnel will follow.1 SCP-828-1 is to be fed with fish or small whales native to the region2. Only while in a controlled, experimental environment may SCP-828-1 come in contact with SCP-828-2.
SCP-828-2 is contained in the Site-641 reliquary located at the Cunningham Inlet Facility. It is to be inspected bi-weekly for deterioration. A textile restoration technician is to inspect SCP-828-2 bi-monthly for degradation. Repairs will be conducted with the assistance of the on-site, classically trained, Inuit shaman.
SCP-829 is to be stored in a secured room at Sector-19, in a standard nail polish bottle that is kept locked in a transparent Level-2 Security container. This room must be guarded by at least two Level-2 Security personnel at all times. Security personnel and a spare bottle will accompany SCP-829 whenever it is removed from its containment room.
All personnel must undergo psychological examinations before they are allowed to interact with subjects of SCP-829. Any persons who show signs of excessively compliant behavior must immediately be removed from the presence of subjects of SCP-829.
Note: SCP-829 appears to be equally effective on both males and females. For clarity, this document will assume that the subject of SCP-829 is female.
The location of SCP-830, designated Site-██, is to be barred from access to the public. At no time are non-Foundation personnel permitted on-site without the express orders of Level 3 personnel or higher. No personnel are to come into physical contact with SCP-830 at any time. To heighten Site-██ morale, anyone communicating with SCP-830 is to have a safety line and a designated marksman on hand to terminate the communicator in case of incident. No further constructions directly above or around SCP-830 are to be attempted, after the collapse of a catwalk (Incident 830-13B) resulted in the loss of sixteen site personnel, including one Level 3 touring the facility.
Colonies of SCP-831 are to be contained in an observation chamber with ceiling, walls and floor having Vickers hardness of at least 1000 kg/mm sq. The containment chamber is to be regularly inspected; any damage - even a scratch on the floor - is to be reported in accordance with Procedure 831-C. Nutrients introduced into chamber are to be poured on the floor and not contained in any kind of vessel. Personnel entering chamber for any reason are to be equipped with Class-T armor, and subject to thorough inspection before and after entry to ensure that no foreign objects are introduced into the chamber nor are any specimens of SCP-831 inadvertently removed from the chamber.
Populations of colonies of SCP-831 in containment are not to exceed the limits prescribed in Document 831-2155AE. Nutrients are to be withheld and specimens are to be destroyed as necessary to keep colony populations within these limits.
Colonies of SCP-831 encountered outside of Foundation containment are to be immediately eradicated. Individual organisms of SCP-831 can easily be exterminated by fire, crushing, asphyxiation or many other methods. However, sufficiently advanced colonies of SCP-831 can be expected to have constructed defense mechanisms. After eradication, objects found in the colony’s location are to be brought to Site-36 or Site-181 for analysis.
SCP-832 is to be contained in an electronically locked safe that is 0.25 m x 0.25 m x 0.25 m in size. The safe is to be placed in a room that is monitored by CCTV at all times. Level 3 clearance or higher is required to access the safe, and all activity is logged. Any personnel handling SCP-832 must either do so remotely or wear gloves to avoid direct contact if they are not actively experimenting with it, and any loose change on their person will be confiscated prior to entering containment. If SCP-832 breaches containment in any way, any personnel found handling US half dollars in Site 19 will be referred to security and held there until it can be determined that he/she is not handling SCP-832. Due to this, personnel are discouraged from using US half dollars in their transactions at Site 19.
SCP-833 is to be contained in Site 21 following standard Class 2 bio-hazard procedures. As a precautionary measure, Site 21 does not have a cafeteria, and all personnel located at Site 21 are to eat only the meals delivered from Site 19. Employees of Level 1 or higher may request additional or alternative rations via the facilities director.
All on-site personnel are instructed to report severe nausea, diarrhea, or muscle pain to site medical staff immediately. In the event of confirmed infestation, the victim will be treated with an aggressive course of anthelmintic drugs. Civilian outbreaks of SCP-833 are to be treated similarly, but the civilians are to be quarantined for the duration of treatment. Should the drug regimen prove ineffective, termination of infected personnel and civilians is authorized.
SCP-834 is to be kept in a basic containment locker at Site 31. SCP-834 has been moved into an unnamed safe containment locker by order of O5-13. SCP-834 is to remain locked in containment locker Alpha-12. When being tested, D-class upon which SCP-834 is used are to be kept in a standard containment cell for the duration of testing, and are exempt from monthly terminations until effects can be ascertained.
SCP-835 is to be monitored and checked daily for new growth. In the event SCP-835 becomes hostile, Suppression Tactic A-A6 is to be immediately implemented until aggressive action ceases. Containment area must be maintained in open ocean, due to the highly aggressive response of SCP-835 to confinement for any length of time.
Waste issued by SCP-835 must be immediately collected and contained. Feeding of SCP-835 is to take place twice daily, to consist [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-835 may be moved to a new location twice yearly, provided that the current location is no longer capable of supporting SCP-835, and the move has been approved by Site Command.
Staff are to remain at least five meters away from SCP-835. Anyone working near SCP-835 must have safety lines attached to recall winches. Contact with SCP-835 will result in the immediate recall of all staff, and implementation of Suppression Tactic A-A6. Should contact result in full capture of a staff member, SCP-835 is to be monitored constantly until the release of the subject.
Live samples of SCP-836 should be stored on glass in a two-layer CFRP casing filled with air with specific humidity not exceeding 5%. The inner casing should be periodically checked for signs of excessive thinning and/or damage, replacing panels if necessary. Damaged panels are to be sterilized by heating them to a temperature exceeding 950 degrees Celsius over a course of five minutes; subsequently they can be treated as regular waste or used as substrate.
In the event of inner casing breach, outer casing as well as the entire storage room are to be urgently subjected to similar heat treatment. The storage unit for SCP-836 samples may not be connected to any other SCP unit structurally or via engineering networks.
In the case of an uncontained SCP-836 outbreak, the local utilities networks are to be shut down and the area radiating at least 200 metres from any infected building is to be evacuated and subjected to procedure 28-Surtur (suggested cover: military satellite planned crash). The area of within 2 km radius of SCP-836 outbreak is to be monitored for presence of further outbreaks for a period of 14 months.
In areas marked as at-risk for SCP-836 outbreaks, building codes should be edited so as to ensure the systematic replacement of structures over 70 years of age.
SCP-837 is to be stored in its fully factored state when not undergoing experiments, with each factor stored in a separate plastic container. All experiments should be conducted in rooms with reinforced flooring.
Due to potentially dangerous consequences of cross-contamination, at no point are SCP-705 and SCP-837 to be stored at the same site.
To prevent SCP-838 from affecting civilians, Foundation agents are to be placed on the staff in charge of managing the classified ad section at major newspapers in the Chicago area. Alternatively, the cooperation of the newspaper may be obtained for similar purposes. No ads matching a form taken by SCP-838 are to be printed.
All instances of SCP-839 are to be kept in containment chamber 839-1. The chamber is to be supplied with approximately half (1/2) of a kilogram of various plant matter daily. Mating of SCP-839 is to be regulated, and any extra instances of SCP-839 are to be kept in Foundation medical centers for treatment of ill individuals.
Due to SCP-840’s presence in ecosystems across the globe, SCP-840 cannot be fully contained. Outbreaks and potential outbreaks of SCP-840 are to be reported to either Dr. ████ or biological research overseers for immediate containment.
Three samples of SCP-840 are kept in Bio-Research Area-12 for study. Samples are to be habituated within segments of PCB piping, 30 mm (1.2 inches) in diameter and 300 mm (11.81 inches) in length, and provided with a constant flow of water containing biological material to ‘digest’ three times a week. Samples must not be allowed to grow beyond the length of the pipe, and screening of bio-site drainage systems for containment breaches is to be conducted every six months.
The 14 (fourteen) component parts of SCP-841 are to be individually wrapped in plastic, and contained in a standard inanimate-object storage locker. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-841 is not to be reassembled. Reassembly of SCP-841 is only to be performed by remote manipulators, or by D-class personnel. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-841 must never come in contact with the skin of a living human.
SCP-841's twine component is not anomalous, and can be replaced as necessary; consequently, all experimentation using SCP-841 is to be concluded by using a low-level infrared laser (808 nm, 300 mW) to slice through the twine component.
SCP-842 is housed at Site-19 in a standard 10 m x 10 m x 5 m containment cell. All telephone lines, radio transceivers, internet connections, and other communication equipment to aid in the use of SCP-842 must be routed through a central server administered by Site-19 security. Maintenance of equipment is to be done on a monthly basis, or upon request of administrator.
No security measures beyond a standard locked Foundation security door are required. Access to SCP-842 is to be restricted to researchers with Level 4 clearance or MTF Commanders with authorization from O5 personnel. Written proposals for use of SCP-842 are to be made at least one week before requested use, and must detail the purpose of the operation and the estimated time of use.
All class-D personnel required for use of SCP-842 are to be escorted by no fewer than two Level 3 Security personnel. Backup class-D personnel are to be kept in the adjoining containment cell, and are to be prepped for use in SCP-842 by onsite medical personnel at least one day before use. No more than one class-D is to be allowed inside SCP-842’s containment area at any time (aside from the class-D in use by SCP-842), and must be restrained by a four point harness.
All 3 contained instances of SCP-843-1 are to be stored in their original packaging, within an airtight container. Should any unusual sounds be heard from within the container, D-class personnel armed with flamethrowers are to enter and cleanse the area. SCP-843-2 is to remain in an enclosed pen, with D-Class personnel entering every 12 hours to supply grain and water. Any instance of SCP-843-1 or SCP-843-2 in the wild are to be reported and destroyed.
SCP-844 is currently contained at Site ██. SCP-844 is to be contained in a well-lit chamber measuring 6m x 6m and provided with one (1) bovine each month in accordance with Nutrition Chart 844-1. Each month, SCP-844 is to be reduced in size by two (2) D-class personnel using shears.
Any personnel entering SCP-844's containment chamber must wear a protective suit in order to prevent injury or death.
Specimens of SCP-845 are to be contained in a hermetically sealed chamber at least 4x6x3 meters in size with no more than 7 individual specimens kept in a single chamber at any given time. The bottom of each chamber should be covered to 15 centimeters with clay-rich soil save for a reservoir of fresh water, as well as a dispersal of sticks and logs. The chamber should be brightly lit during daylight hours and dimly lit at night. The reservoir should be continually stocked with small fish for feeding, as SCP-845 will not recognize non-living fish as food.
Wild specimens of SCP-845 are to be captured and transferred to a suitable containment facility. Waterways believed or confirmed to be inhabited by SCP-845 should be sealed off from the public and carefully monitored for activity until such time it is believed that all specimens have been captured.
SCP-846 is to be contained in a reinforced steel safe, located in Storage Unit █ at Site ██. SCP-846's containment area is to be guarded by three (3) security personnel at all times. Any unauthorized personnel attempting to access SCP-846 are to be taken into custody and interrogated by on-site security.
Activation of SCP-846 must be authorized by at least three (3) Level 4 personnel. Any testing of SCP-846 is to take place at an on-site firing range.
SCP-847 is to be kept in a reinforced modified humanoid containment chamber. For the purpose of ongoing behavioral studies, the room is to be fully furnished with a bed, dresser, couch, table, chair, full-length mirror, sink, shower, and toilet. The floor of the chamber is to be constructed with 1-cm exposed beams of copper, which can be electrified remotely to a minimum 50 kV potential. A 50-cm squared "safe zone" at the rear right corner of the containment chamber is to remain free of copper beams in the case of personnel inside containment during disabling of SCP-847. No meals are to be provided.
All personnel posted to SCP-847 must be armed with a shock baton rated at 30 kV or greater. Only men XY males identifying as such are to be assigned to or permitted within a 50-meter radius of SCP-847.1 After the results of Experiment 847-G, upon order of the Ethics Committee, intersex, transgender, and nonbinary personnel are prohibited from working with, handling, or approaching SCP-847 for their own safety and well-being. When assigning personnel to SCP-847, preference is to be given to men who are not sexually attracted to women.
SCP-848 is contained in a 10 m x 10 m x 5 m isolation chamber, which is to contain several non-organic structures that may be used by SCP-848-1 specimens to construct SCP-848-2. SCP-848-1 specimens usually do not need to be fed, but if they are unable to feed for periods lasting greater than 2 weeks or begin to exhibit signs of malnutrition, harmless insects may be introduced to SCP-848's containment as food.
SCP-848's chamber must be cleaned at least once per week and continuously monitored for the appearance of anomalous objects. In the case of hostile organisms, armed response teams may be deployed and full Nuclear-Biological-Chemical (NBC) precautions should be observed by all personnel when retrieving objects from SCP-848-2.
SCP-849 is currently contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██. SCP-849 is to be kept in a sealed chamber measuring 5m x 5m, which is to be guarded by two (2) security personnel at all times. SCP-849 is to be checked for leaks every three (3) days.
Any unauthorized personnel attempting to enter SCP-849 are to be detained by security and given scheduled visits with Site Psychologist ████ █████. Use of SCP-849 must be authorized by one (1) member of Level 4 personnel.
SCP-850 is not dangerous unless threatened. However, as it reacts to containment as a threat, measures must be taken to ensure that it does not know that it is contained. SCP-850 must be kept in a large habitat maintained in [REDACTED] ocean. The boundaries of this habitat are to be marked and enforced by concrete walls several feet in thickness designed to appear as a reef.
SCP-851 is to be kept in a 5 m x 5m x 2m biotic simulation chamber, placed upon several hydraulics to allow movement of the chamber. The floor of the containment chamber is to be covered in soil 0.5m in height. Every thirty days the chamber is to be shifted until the soil collapses into its natural state. Every twenty hours SCP-851 is to be fed one live cow.
SCP-852 is presently housed in an underground hangar at Site-██. Artifact is not permitted to leave containment without O5 approval. Testing of components requires level four oversight and one unit of Task Force Sigma-6 to be on hand.
In order to prevent breaking SCP-853, individual instances are to be separately packed in padded boxes measuring no smaller than 25cm x 25cm x 40cm. Except when being studied, all instances are stored in Secure Containment Locker 37 at Meteorological Research Station 21. If access is required, consult Dr. B████ for the combination. Caution is advised when testing SCP-853, due to the lack of specificity of the labeling (see After-Action Report 853-Iota)
SCP-854 is contained on US Bureau of Land Management property in ████████ state. Roads and trails leading to the site have been closed for “maintenance” and rendered impassable, while cameras monitor the site and all approaches to it. Supervising personnel are authorized to use any nonlethal means to deter trespassers.
Barriers erected at the ends of the arch prevent access except under controlled circumstances. Wild animals are not permitted in the area in order to prevent unsupervised disappearances.
Four (4) members of security are to be present outside SCP-855's location at all times. No staff are to enter SCP-855 during "Horror", "Surreal", "Action", "Science Fiction" or "Disaster" phases. Any entities attempting to leave SCP-855 during the "Horror" phase are to be dispatched by security staff.
Any personnel entering SCP-855 during its "Western" phase are to be monitored by security staff for signs of aggression. During all other phases, research staff are free to enter and monitor SCP-855.
The affected length of the █████████ River is bounded with four kilometers of chain link fencing, three meters in height and topped with razor-wire. The fence lines both banks and connects across the river at both ends of the containment area. Signs are posted every fifty meters in Arabic and English, warning of a chemical spill contaminating the river. Two armed guards are sent twice daily to patrol both banks of the containment area in a standard Foundation off-road vehicle. The vehicle is equipped with a .50 caliber rear-mounted machine gun for use in the event of a containment breach.
Should a civilian(s) accidentally come into contact with SCP-856, they are to be treated with a Class-B Amnestic (if still alive) and transported immediately to the hospital in Rumbek. Medical staff are to be told the victim suffered from an unknown animal attack. The use of force is acceptable if a civilian(s) deliberately attempts to come into contact with SCP-856.
The area designated SCP-857 is to be surrounded by electrified fences measuring two (2) meters in height. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-857 are to be brought into custody and interrogated. After interrogation, intruders are to be dosed with a Class-A amnestic.
No specimens of SCP-857-1 are to be allowed to leave SCP-857.
Three samples of contaminated precipitation are to be maintained within a storage locker in the Infectious Wing of Research Site-██. Reports of "cloud iridescence" are to be tracked until the likely area of precipitation can be identified and evacuated. Cover stories involving tornado activity are to be prepared and distributed afterwards, with area cleanup to consist of evaporation of contaminated water via heat lamp.
Objects and subjects affected by SCP-858 are to be detained and destroyed on-site, incinerated, and their remains allowed to escape Earth orbit.
SCP-859 is stored in a locked container, which is stored in a secure containment chamber at Site ██. SCP-859 must not be removed from its container except with express permission from Level 4 personnel, and experimentation on SCP-859 must only be performed with Class D personnel.
SCP-860 is to be contained in a small wooden box in a vault at Sector-██. By itself, the object is inert, and no further containment procedures are needed.
SCP-861 is contained at Sector-135-861, which is located 370m southwest of the main site. All personnel assigned to Sector-135-861 must be cleared by Protocol-Narthex-861 prior to transfer. This entails a score of 83 or above on the Foundation Standard Compliance Examination (SCE-V.4) and a passing score on two additional personality examinations devised by Dr. ████ Chancey. No personnel, regardless of security clearance, are to be allowed onsite without Narthex approval. At least one personnel with Narthex approval must remain onsite and within 50m of SCP-861 at all times, barring Choir Events. No D-Class personnel are allowed onsite barring those for approved SCP-861-A testing.
SCP-861 is contained in an open 1500L steel crate and housed in a 8m x 4m x 8m concrete vault. Personnel are not to make direct contact with SCP-861. Personnel are to respect a 40m no-access perimeter around SCP-861, which may only be violated for the purposes of experimentation or recovery. Level 3 or lower personnel that violate this distance for any reason are to be administered Class-A amnestics.
The containment chamber must be opened immediately during a Choir Event, and the provoking subject should be subdued to expedite completion of the event. The resulting entity is then to be terminated (see DOCUMENT-NAVE-861 for details). Following the event, personnel are to return SCP-861 to its crate via electronic suction. Only security and Mobile Task Force personnel with Clearance 4/Narthex will be employed in termination and recovery.
A 6m x 6m bunker has been constructed around SCP-862 in order to prevent escape or sightings of SCP-862-1. The interior of the bunker is to be monitored by researchers via cameras placed inside the bunker outside of SCP-862's sphere of influence.
The bunker is to be checked daily for breaches or escaped instances of SCP-862-1. In the event of a bunker breach, the rupture is to be immediately sealed with concrete and cement. Any escaped instances of SCP-862-1 are to be tracked and destroyed by Mobile Task Force Beta-23 ("Rat Trappers").
No materials or individuals are to enter SCP-862.
SCP-863-1 is to be contained in a 2m x 2m enclosure and provided with nutrition as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-1-1. Due to its low risk of breaching containment, SCP-863-1 is to be kept under guard by one (1) member of security. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-1 is to be provided with a replacement from a similarly proportioned crab.
SCP-863-2 is to be contained in a 6m x 6m enclosure and provided with nutrition as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-2-1. SCP-863-2 is to be kept under guard by two (2) members of security. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-2 is to be provided with a suitable replacement.
SCP-863-3 is to be contained in a 10m x 10m enclosure and provided with nutrition via robotic arm as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-3-1. SCP-863-3 is to be kept under guard by six (6) members of security at all times. No personnel are to enter SCP-863-3's containment enclosure. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-3 is to be provided with a cadaver as replacement.
Any specimens of SCP-863 found in the wild are to be destroyed.
SCP-864 is to be held in a standard containment chamber, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. This chamber is to be kept devoid of any moisture, and inspected once a day to check the seal. During testing, no personnel are to enter the testing area. In the event that articles of clothing manifest, they are to be stored as non-anomalous artifacts.
SCP-865 is to be kept, unloaded, in a locked firearms safe in the secure archive room at Site 73. SCP-865 is to be equipped with a trigger lock when not being tested and is to be marked with a tag indicating that it is non-functional and is not to be deployed in case of emergency.
As of ██/██/20██, all test firings of SCP-865 are to be conducted by and on D-class personnel only. No other staff are to be within visual range of SCP-865 during testing. D-class involved in testing are to be fitted with explosive collars and informed that any attempts at disobedience or resistance will result in summary termination.
SCP-865 is to be disassembled, cleaned, and reassembled before and after testing by a staff member trained in firearms maintenance. All test subjects are to be debriefed and monitored for lasting psychological effects.
SCP-866 is to be contained in situ in the HPC Center of the ████████ University in ████████, ██████. Floor ██ containing SCP-866 is to be permanently sealed off to all but authorized SCP personnel. At least two SCP personnel should monitor the diesel backup generators at all times as a complete power failure could lead to unquantifiable loss of personnel and civilian casualties, unquantifiable loss of equipment, complete loss of acquired experimental data and in the worst case [DATA EXPUNGED]. Access to the input terminals is allowed only with permission of Level 4 Staff. At least two guards should be stationed in the room of SCP-866 and prevent any individual from entering SCP-866 beyond the input terminals. Unauthorized attempts of access should be logged, but due to the location of containment extreme measures should be avoided if possible.
Specimens of SCP-867 are kept in Section E of Bio-Containment Site-██. Regular maintenance on SCP-867 is only to be performed using remote rovers and automated irrigation systems, and personnel entering the containment area for any reason must wear full-body NBC protection with a Kevlar underlayer. Any personnel exiting SCP-867's containment area must undergo a full herbicidal treatment and inspection, and any personnel found with possible puncture marks must be placed under quarantine for a minimum of fifteen (15) days.
Experimentation with SCP-867 requires the written consent of at least two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Two D-Class Personnel infected with SCP-868 are to be maintained in a soundproof humanoid containment cell supervised by at least one armed guard. Personnel wishing to experiment with SCP-868 must submit to an interrogation and background check to confirm their loyalty to the Foundation and its methods.
All persons suspected of hosting SCP-868, along with all persons living in a community where an infectee has been located, are to be tested for infection. Any subject found to be a victim of SCP-868 must be treated with AMN-868. Should a population treated with AMN-868 exhibit a noticeable amount of unusual behavior, a follow-up amnestic should be distributed.
Any reports of SCP-868 infection in the general population are to be treated as a breach of secrecy. Personnel spreading SCP-868 intentionally or attempting to access the current carrier of SCP-868 without following protocol are to be court-martialed if applicable and stripped of all security clearance otherwise.
The facility housing SCP-869 is to be owned and operated by Supertastic Carnival Promotions, a Foundation front company, and is to remain in operation and open to the public for its intended purpose. A secondary service bridge is to be built to replace SCP-869. SCP-869 is to remain closed to park staff and the public. Both ends of SCP-869 are to be monitored by Foundation personnel operating as park security officers for the purpose of preventing unauthorized access.
All surveys of SCP-869 and the area beyond are to be conducted by Level 1 personnel opeit SCP-869 no later than 8 P.M., one hour prior to the park's scheduled closing time.
SCP-870 is to be contained in a sealed chamber measuring 8 m x 8 m. Motion sensors are to be placed in the containment area and movements of SCP-870 are to be monitored at all times.
A motion activated turret is to be placed directly outside the containment area to prevent the escape of SCP-870. One (1) D-class personnel suffering from schizophrenia is to observe SCP-870 via camera at all times.
SCP-870 is to be provided with one (1) bovine carcass every forty-eight (48) hours.
Each recurrence of SCP-871 is to be maintained within a separate, locked concrete cell on a metal platter permanently affixed to the surface of an immovable wooden table. Each cell housing a recurrence of SCP-871 is to be monitored on a 24-hour basis via closed-circuit camera, with individual feeds checked every 15 minutes.
Upon creation of an instance of SCP-871, 3 Class D personnel are to be escorted by armed guards to its cell, where they are to be sealed with the instance and induced to consume it. No more than one hour may be spent performing this task. In cases where additional motivation is needed, the termination of one of the Class D personnel assigned to an instance of SCP-871 is authorized. Upon completion of the consumption of an instance, no participants may exit the cell until both they and the room have been thoroughly searched to confirm that no portions remain. The platter, table, and room are then to be cleaned in preparation for the next instance.
Class D personnel who prove cooperative in the consumption of an instance of SCP-871 may volunteer to participate in additional consumptions. Personnel exhibiting exceptional usefulness may have their monthly termination postponed. Such personnel are under no circumstances to be allowed to interact with any other SCP object.
No desserts of any kind are to be served on-site at any facility housing a recurrence of SCP-871.
When not under controlled observation, SCP-872 is to be kept in cold storage at Sector-██. SCP-872 is to be kept two (2) kilometers from any concentrated group of animals considered livestock at all times.
When under controlled observation, a perimeter is to be established outside the observation area and research is to cease immediately in the event of an attempted containment breach. Ten (10) members of security are to be present during controlled observation to enforce this. Controlled observation must be approved by one (1) member of Level 4 personnel.
SCP-873 is kept in a secure room at Site-19. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates) Three wide-spectrum high-definition cameras shall be mounted in order to maintain 360-degree observation of SCP-873 on a continual basis. Recorded video data shall be archived in the Foundation’s secure network and access granted to any researcher with a clearance 2 or better upon request. Physical examination and testing of SCP-873 is permitted with written approval from Level 3 or above. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates)
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/19██: Until further notice, physical access to SCP-873, as well as access to recorded video from SCP-873, is restricted to researchers with direct approval of the site director.
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/20██: Until further notice, physical access to SCP-873, as well as access to recorded video from SCP-873 is restricted to level 4 researchers with O5 approval.
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/20██: SCP-873 is to be permanently relocated to Site ██ and stored in a concrete-lined vault at least 2000m below ground and at least 100km from any other SCP containment facility or human population center. Archives of video surveillance are to be encrypted to a secure, dedicated data warehouse with access limited to level 4 and above. Any changes in mass, volume or apparent refractive index must be reported immediately to O5 command.
While not undergoing experimentation, SCP-874 is to be kept in a container such that no horizontal volume of the substance is shallower than 5 cm. The fluid must be in constant motion, such as being stirred. With the Foundation's current supply of SCP-874, this is to be a cylindrical steel vat of radius seven meters and height 10 meters. While SCP-874 is under study, no non-Class D personnel are to be within five meters of the liquid. Any lab in which SCP-874 is studied should be equipped with a winch system of no less than ████ horsepower and with steel rope of 5 (five) cm thickness. All personnel who have been immersed in SCP-874 in its active state should be terminated after study.
SCP-875 is to be marked on all maps as a military base, and all satellite images taken of the area are to be altered according to Procedure Watson-24. Any civilians approaching SCP-875 are to be brought into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. After dosage, civilians are to be returned to the nearest city to SCP-875, █████.
SCP-875-1 stings are to be treated by on-site medical personnel using alkali prescribed in Medical Chart 875-1-1. In extreme cases, amputation of affected limbs is authorized.
No research personnel are to enter SCP-875 without an escort of two (2) members of security. Six (6) maintenance personnel are to be on duty in SCP-875's reactor room at all times. SCP-875's reactor is to be checked for breaches each hour. In the event of a breach, SCP-875 is to be evacuated immediately.
In the event of specimens of SCP-875-3 becoming active, security personnel are to respond immediately and subdue specimens in a non-fatal manner. Specimens are then to be transported to Site ██, where research staff will take over the operation.
SCP-876-1 through SCP-876-83, excluding SCP-876-43 and SCP-876-61, (known collectively as Group A) are to be kept in a standard large storage container, with two locks. Access to one key is enabled by Level 2 and higher personnel. The second is only available to Level 3 or higher personnel to prevent accidental abuse.
Information as to the location of SCP-876-84 through SCP-876-121, SCP-876-43, and SCP-876-61, (known collectively as Group B) is only accessible to Level 4 or higher. Class B amnestic must be given when business regarding Group B is complete. Each bottle in Group B must have its own containment cell, with individual keys. The containment site has 1.5 meter-thick walls of lead.
All bottles, whether Group A or Group B, must have their numbers indicated. Labels cannot be placed on the bottles.
Efforts to physically contain either SCP-878-1 or SCP-878-2 have as yet been unsuccessful. It appears by all evidence that SCP-878-1 has no special abilities separate from SCP-878-2, though SCP-878-2 has shown a primitive sort of willingness to protect SCP-878-1. Their primary effect can be completely abated by disrupting distribution and broadcast of any media containing SCP-878; Foundation personnel will monitor television, film, or any other media containing SCP-878 for purposes of suppression. This has successfully prevented SCP-878's effect in 78% of containment attempts since discovery of SCP-878. Barring this, iterations of SCP-878-3 can be contained and prevented from harming others; this raises containment effectiveness to 95%.
Revised ██/██/20██. Due to the successful capture of SCP-879, it is to be stored in a reinforced aquatic specimen tank measuring 30 x 20 x 10 meters on Site-██. SCP-879 is to be kept in a chemically-induced coma via intravenous injection. It requires no nutrients outside of bi-weekly hydrogen sulfide injections.
All tools that come in contact with SCP-879 are to be fully sterilized, so as to prevent accidental spread or exposure of the entity’s pheromones.
The former Site-55 and all specimens of SCP-879-2 contained therein are to be remotely observed by drones operated from the Foundation research ships Andromeda, Alcatraz, and Black Martin. A 20 km security perimeter is to be kept around Site-55 at all times.
A perimeter has been established 5 kilometres from the edge of SCP-880, and non-authorized personnel entering this area are to be detained, questioned, and issued Class-A amnestics. Several observation outposts have been constructed in the surrounding area to provide overwatch and to alert perimeter patrols should civilians be approaching. Due to the domicile nature of the effect surrounding SCP-880, the airspace within an 8 kilometre radius has been declared unsafe for flying, with corresponding cover plan ██████-███.
All instances of SCP-881 are stored in Daleth Basement of Site-35. Daleth Basement's air and water filters must be checked and cleaned weekly, as well as after any research extraction or insertion. SCP-881 instances grow their own food provided the artificial sunlight is continually functioning.
SCP-882 is to be kept in a fluid environment at all times, consisting of no less than 40% seawater. Object is to be kept suspended by non-metallic means, currently cotton fiber line that is to be changed daily. Object is also to be checked daily for any signs of rust flaking. If any part of SCP-882 appears uncoated with rust, it must immediately be immersed in a 100% seawater solution. Water must be taken directly from the ocean. Reduce concentration only when the object is again coated in rust.
No metal may be placed in containment area. Only organic materials are allowed in containment area, and any contact with SCP-882 requires the use of thick cotton gloves. Any metal making contact with it is to be heat-severed, melted down, and kept immersed in 100% seawater in a separate area.
Any auditory issues reported by staff must be reported immediately, and affected personnel must submit to a full psychological examination and, depending on results, either transfer to another facility or permanent containment at [EXPUNGED].
Access to SCP-883 is limited to Level 2 and over personnel who have been confirmed not to possess allergies to bee stings. All personnel entering the SCP-883 apiary must wear standard beekeeper gloves and hooded suit. All personnel entering SCP-883 itself must be equipped with a safety line attached to one of the metal rods on the northern wall of the apiary. No personnel may venture more than 2 kilometers into SCP-883 without authorization from two level-4 personnel. All personnel planning on venturing more than 2 kilometers into SCP-883 are also required to do so in groups of two or more. Do not remove bee or honey specimens from the apiary without prior authorization from Dr. ██████.
SCP-884-4 is to be stored in Locker 147 at Site-██. SCP-884-4 may be requisitioned for research with approval of either Dr. Cho or Dr. Ignit. Due to the events of January 11, 20██, all access to SCP-884-4 is currently denied, and all requests to examine or test SCP-884-4 are to be submitted directly to O5-█ for approval. SCP-884-4 is to be placed in Deep Storage at Site-██.
SCP-885 is contained within a welded steel container in Storage Area ██-██. The storage area must be kept at negative pressure at all times to reduce possibility of escape. Air movement within the storage area is to be monitored at all times.
SCP-886-A-alpha and SCP-886-A-03 are to be kept in dedicated humanoid containment suites at Bio-Site 66 and allowed nutritious rations three times daily.
SCP-886-B-2-01 through SCP-886-B-2-03 are to be kept in Containment Chamber 886-Delta, designed as an appropriate climate-controlled indoor paddock on-site and provided with appropriate feed.
Additional members of SCP-886 may be bred if appropriate reasons for research are presented. If research is not being undertaken, offspring of both SCP-886-A and SCP-886-B are to be destroyed immediately after birth.
SCP-887 may be kept in standard quarters. Personnel must take care he feeds himself and uses the facilities at regular intervals, as he'll frequently forget to do so (Full feeding, cleaning and exercise schedule annexed). SCP-887 must have writing materials available to him at all times, to avoid unnecessary confrontations and ensure continual research. Used paper should be sent to analysis at least biweekly.
A library located in ████, Italy, is partly built of blocks of SCP-888 in its 'full' state. The portions of the building constructed of SCP-888 are designated as "rare-book" storage; only three senior librarians have access, and two of these are on the SCP payroll. The third librarian is aware of the room's true purpose, but is a representative of and liason to ███ ███████. A second sample, of 'empty' SCP-888 remains in the vault beneath the library, where it was originally discovered. Access to this vault has been rerouted through the "rare-book" room, and all other passageways to it have been sealed with reinforced concrete. At this time, no additional containment measures are deemed necessary.
SCP-889 has been completely sealed with concrete, save for a single airlock entrance for research purposes. The building is surrounded with a standard security fence and written warnings, under the cover of a government medical research facility. For the next one (1) year, a mobile task force is to take bi-monthly sweeps of the surrounding countryside. Any pre-containment products of SCP-889 are to be neutralized and/or captured and brought to Bio-Research Area 32. Local rumors or sightings concerning strange animals are to be pursued with utmost diligence.
A quarterly swab is to be made of the interior of SCP-889. If any prokaryotes are discovered exhibiting the effect of SCP-889, or if any staff members contract an unusual illness, SCP-889 is to be incinerated and sealed indefinitely. All staff members and equipment are to be decontaminated fully.
SCP-890 is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-890 is to be kept in a 5 x 6 meter cell furnished with a bed, a nightstand, two (2) bookcases complete with medical textbooks and a writing desk, all of which were originally furnished by the subject. Subject is disallowed from contact with any mechanical, artificial, or otherwise non-living SCPs, as well as any Foundation equipment, under any circumstances, except during approved surgical procedures. Any observation of SCP-890 must be done in person and any notes taken must be on paper.
SCP-890 may have access to the medical bay for any surgeries scheduled in advance with consent of any level 4 personnel, barring emergency conditions which may arise requiring those facilities to be otherwise in use. Staff wishing to introduce an object to SCP-890 must first gain approval from level 4 personnel. Anyone attempting to meet with SCP-890 without prior approval will be subject to disciplinary measures up to transfer to a new site.
In order to promote better behavior and cooperation with containment procedures, it is permissible to occasionally provide SCP-890 with a piece of intentionally damaged equipment for repair.
SCP-891 is to be surrounded by a one-half kilometer buffer zone, purchased by the Foundation under the guise of a peach farm. Foundation agents are to deter any civilians from entering SCP-891. A ten meter fence is to surround SCP-891 in order to prevent unauthorized entry. Intruders discovered within the grounds of SCP-891 are to be apprehended, administered Class A amnestics, and released. Planting vegetation of any kind in SCP-891 requires the permission of Level 4 personnel. Apple trees are never to be planted in SCP-891; all animals that carry the potential to deposit apple seeds via fecal matter in SCP-891 are to be deterred from entering SCP-891. Any vegetation that sprouts in SCP-891 as a result of seed deposition by wind, bird, or other natural causes is to be immediately incinerated.
SCP-892 is to be contained within maximum security vault ████-██-████ located ████ meters beneath Site ██. All O5 personnel are to be issued a magnetic Access Key coupled with an individual Passcode. A minimum of three (3) O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes are required to begin a 48 hour unlock sequence to grant access to SCP-892. Should all thirteen O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes be entered simultaneously, vault will unlock immediately.
Access to SCP-892 is permitted strictly under O5 supervision and for the sole purpose of attempting to identify the location of SCP-892-2. In the event that the SCP-892-2 is located, all O5 personnel are to be alerted and Mobile Task Force Mu-4 (aka "Debuggers") is to be dispatched.
In the event of containment breach, SCP-892 is to be defended at all costs. The risk of SCP-892 falling into the wrong hands could have catastrophic results for the Foundation as a whole, as well as the rest of the world. In the unlikely event that Site ██ is to be overrun, SCP-892 is to be decommissioned immediately.
Unauthorized access is grounds for immediate termination.
SCP-893 may freely roam the facility under the supervision of site personnel. Pre-existing instances of SCP-893-X are housed in nurseries at Site-17. Any new instances of SCP-893-X are to be placed into Foundation custody immediately terminated.
Tissue samples taken from SCP-893 should be contained within five minutes of extraction.
All copies of SCP-894-1 and SCP-894-2 are available for researcher use. Copies of SCP-894-3 require permission by a member of Senior Staff. When not checked out, copies of SCP-894-1 and SCP-894-2 are to be stored in SCP containment locker 12 at Site 19. Copies of SCP-894-3 are to be stored in containment locker 47. There are to be only two keys to locker 47, one for the Site Director and one for the most senior researcher on site. Both key holders must be present in order for locker 47 to be opened. Only Level 4 researchers are allowed access to SCP-894-3.
SCP-895 is sealed, closed and stored in an isolated underground containment cell at a depth of approximately 100 meters. No cameras, microphones, or other surveillance equipment may be brought within the 10 meter "Red Zone" radius of SCP-895 without express permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Any on-site personnel exhibiting unusual behavior or signs of psychological trauma are to be screened immediately, and removed from the site or terminated as the situation warrants.
Physical containment of SCP-896 is impossible due to widespread public knowledge. However, the anomalous properties of SCP-896 have been largely neutralized through Foundation efforts and the cooperation of ████ █████, the publishing and hosting company of SCP-896.
The server cluster hosting SCP-896’s original code is to be housed at Site-15. Five standard desktop computers are to be directly connected to the server with SCP-896-1 installed on each one. SCP-896 may never be connected to the internet or any of Site-15’s networks, but may be regularly patched as needed by use of physical media.
Any personnel wishing to use SCP-896 must obtain permission from two Level 4 administrators. Foundation personnel may not use SCP-896 until further notice. No personnel level 4 or above may use SCP-896 due to potential loss of valuable Foundation data. Any class-D personnel used in testing of SCP-896 must be routinely monitored for the effects of SCP-896 and containment procedures must be tailored individually to ensure no security breaches occur.
SCP-897 is allowed full access to all Level 0 regions of the facility. It may not engage in any activities that have the potential to be physically harmful in any way (directly or indirectly), and is required to undergo a comprehensive medical exam daily. If SCP-897 is found to be at risk of any kind of organ failure, it is to be confined to a cell and provided with a D-class personnel in order to restore itself.
Information pertaining to the creation and application of SCP-898 is restricted to Foundation personnel with level 3 clearance or higher. Experimentation with SCP-898 may only be conducted with the approval of a majority of the Overseer council.
SCP-899 is contained in a rough patch of forest in Rocky Mountain National Park. The SCP-899 phenomena has not been able to travel more than than five meters beyond a standing, living tree, thus the area has been isolated by creating a continuous fire-break around the affected region. Three park service cabins are staffed by Foundation agents on the borders of the site for the purposes of preventing hikers and travelers from attempting to enter SCP-899. Agents are authorized to administer Class B and C amnestics to any trespassers. Children who enter SCP-899 cannot be recovered, and containment must be maintained by removing those who have knowledge of the child's last whereabouts or by planting false evidence of death by natural causes elsewhere in the region.
Agents who come into physical contact with SCP-899 must undergo regular psychiatric evaluation.
As the SCP-899 phenomena has become increasingly more violent, all trees within five meters of the observation cabins have been removed. Personnel entering SCP-899 must do so in pairs and carry sidearms with custom iron ammunition.
Site-78 encompasses the entirety of the areas of SCP-900 that have not been submerged. The perimeter is to be surrounded by electric fencing. Two snipers are to be stationed at each guard tower during daylight hours, with four during nighttime hours. SCP-900-1's quarters near the River Gate are to be guarded by 2 armed agents at all times. Personnel are authorized to administer Class C amnestics to any and all trespassers. Trespassers are to be taken to the police station in [REDACTED].
The location and nature of SCP-901 poses difficulties for containment. All doors, windows and any other features which may appear to an observer to be possible entrances to SCP-901 are to be sealed. SCP-901 is to be surrounded by a 4.5m chain-link fence topped with razor wire and wooden construction hoardings on the outer perimeter of the fence to give the appearance of a defunct facility. Two Foundation agents in local ████████ police uniform are to be positioned at the entrance to SCP-901 at all times, with four more agents in plain clothes discreetly patrolling the perimeter of SCP-901. Under no circumstances should personnel enter SCP-901 except during controlled testing conditions.
SCP-902 has been relegated to Arctic Base Theta-12, the only SCP to be contained at this site. The site is to be staffed by a team of fifty security personnel. At this time, no research is to be done on SCP-902. Knowledge of SCP-902 beyond its number is to be limited to level three staff and lower. It is imperative that only a limited number of Senior Staff know of the existence of SCP-902. Only one O5 is allowed to know about SCP-902 at any time. In the event of a security breach from inside Arctic Base Theta-12, the onsite hydrogen bomb is to be detonated remotely. SCP-902 must be guarded at all times against premature destruction.
Access to either side of SCP-903 is to be restricted to authorized research personnel only. The entrances must be sealed and kept under surveillance at all times. During testing, under no circumstances are personnel to enter SCP-903 or attempt to cross it. Any persons attempting unauthorized entry will be subject to lethal force. Any test subject or item that has passed through or emerges from SCP-903 must be immediately destroyed once testing is concluded.
SCP-904 should be inscribed on an ordinary sheet of typing paper when not in active observation or study. This paper should be secured in a secure locked non-combination vault and stored out of range of any recording devices. SCP-904 should only be handled or directly viewed by class-D personnel without backgrounds in literature, writing, or art. Any personnel viewing SCP-904 experiencing hallucinations or suicidal thoughts should be removed immediately from the situation.
SCP-905 is to be contained in a six (6) m x six (6) m x three (3) m containment cell, painted matte black. This cell is to be devoid of any mirrors or windows. Two LED arrays are to be installed in cells housing SCP-905. Every four hours, SCP-905 is to be fed for twenty (20) minutes.
As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-905 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
Subject is to be contained in a three (3) by three (3) meters squared, fully airtight, twelve (12) centimetre thick titanium enclosure surrounded by acid-resistant glass. Temperature must be kept under 5 degrees Celsius. Should temperature exceed this limit, all personnel are to be evacuated to a distance of at least one hundred (100) meters. Immediate area containing enclosure will then be locked down until temperature has been lowered. Holding cell is to be maintained on a bi-weekly basis and checked for sufficient corrosion or gaps. Any damage to holding cell is to be repaired immediately.
SCP-906 is to be monitored at all times from four (4) digital cameras mounted on each corner of the enclosure. Any abnormal behaviour reported from these cameras will result in immediate lockdown of area around containment cell. Access to SCP-906 is permitted only to supervised Class D personnel for feeding and/or enclosure maintenance. SCP-906 is to be fed 80 kg of raw meat every forty-two (42) hours.
SCP-907 is to be kept under standard surveillance within Garage 3 of Site 54. The key to activate SCP-907 is to be kept in a sealed locker under the possession of the local security director, and may only be requisitioned by Level 3 personnel for purposes of testing SCP-907.
SCP-907 is outfitted as a mobile research station, and is to be kept fully stocked at all times. This stock includes all necessary research, computing, and living equipment, a ten-day supply of rations plus a five day emergency supply, an appropriately modified Mk. II EVA suit, and a standard set of ten remote AX-10 probes. The inventory of SCP-907 is to be refreshed after every testing mission.
For the sake of caution, testing of SCP-907 is to be carried out by Level 1 and 2 personnel only, as according to the official testing schedule. SCP-907 is not to be exited by the researcher during testing missions except in matters of absolute necessity.
The vicinity of each location of SCP-908 is to be patrolled by a marine vessel crewed and equipped in accordance with the specifications in Document 908.2321.AE4C. Audio and video monitoring equipment are to be placed on the islet and repaired or replaced as necessary.
SCP-909 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. No writing materials are to be allowed inside the cell. A short summary of SCP-909's current situation is to be pasted on the wall beside the bed. Extras are to be provided if the previous summary is removed by SCP-909. SCP-909 is to be fed three times daily with any peanut-free meal. If SCP-909 is seen attempting to write or draw, he is to be incapacitated through non-lethal means.
Currently experimentation with SCP-909's effects has been discontinued, due to risk of containment breach. Research may be conducted if the current Site Director's approval is given.
As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-909 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
One instance of SCP-910 is to be stored within Site-01's Critical Information Storage Unit. Personnel with Level-4 Clearance and access to Project PEARBLOSSOM-11 may request supervised viewings of the CISU-held copy of SCP-910.
MTF Eta-82 ("Inkhounds") is to monitor rare book auctions and online marketplaces for instances of SCP-910. Sampling surveys of bookstores worldwide are to be conducted by Foundation AI OU-BIBLIOPHAGE, which is to further direct Foundation Internet trawlers in the detection and removal of all information pertaining to SCP-910.
All copies of SCP-910 are to be destroyed following retrieval and processing, except in the event that the Foundation-held archival copy has been damaged. In cases where peaceful acquisition of an instance has been deemed impossible, MTF Eta-82 is to ensure their destruction under 14-ULTRAVIOLET engagement parameters.

SYSTEM NOTICE: Overseer-6, 6 items require your attention.

SCP-911 is to be stored in a locked High-Value- (below).
SCP-912 is to be kept at Research Unit ██ in a standard containment cell. The cell door must have a damage resistance cept as part of an authorized testing protocol.
All researchers involved in SCP-912 must receive briefing SCP-912-002A (“Safe Handling of SCP-912”) and SCP-912-002B (“Dealing with ‘Arrest’ Behaviour by SCP-912”). In the event of “arrest” by SCP-912, researchers are to offer minimal resistance and await rescue by an associate wearing the uniform of the ██PD.
Experiments that involve the use of firearms or the CQ firing range require authorization from Dr ███████ at least 24 hrs in advance in order to permit route clearance and schedule deconfliction.
SCP-913 is to be contained in a customized humanoid containment cell lined with one (1) meter thick carbon steel. SCP-913 is to be provided with standard humanoid furnishings, with prerecorded entertainment materials provided on request. Access to the cell may be conducted through a reinforced carbon steel door.
Once every two (2) hours SCP-913 is to be provided with one (1) nutritional supplement as outlined in Document 913-2. SCP-913 is fitted with a central venous catheter to facilitate nutrition. The subject is to be provided with intravenous nutritional supplements while sleeping. Catheter is to be changed once every three (3) months.
As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-913 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate 914. SCP-914 is to be kept in research cell 109-B with two guard personnel on duty at all times. Any researchers entering 109-B are to be accompanied by at least one guard for the entirety of testing. A full list of tests to be carried out must be given to all guard personnel on duty; any deviation from this list will result in termination of testing, forcible removal of personnel from 109-B, and formal discipline at site command’s discretion.
WARNING: At this time, no testing of biological matter is allowed. Refer to document 109-B:117. Applying the “Rough” setting to explosive materials is not advised.
All explorations of the interior of 915 must be documented, with a complete manifest of all personnel and equipment to be taken into 915.
Declarations of intent to explore the interior or experiment with the computational abilities of SCP-915 must be declared one (1) week in advance. No interior explorations can take place while the computational abilities of 915 are being tested. Also, no computation test can be initiated while exploration or maintenance is taking place within 915.
All interior explorations are to be limited to a period of one (1) hour. Longer forays require special dispensation from the lead researcher, Dr. Foudray. All explorers are to be physically linked to a high density nylon cord which is anchored at a point outside 915.
Standardized testing protocols of the specifications of 915 are to applied to both 915 and the block of computers which are considered experimental controls. These control computers are specified as model HP Slimline S3600F.
SCP-916 is to be kept in a locked, soundproofed kennel of appropriate size for a dog of its breed. It is to be fed a species-appropriate meal twice per day and its kennel is to be cleaned regularly. Personnel should attempt to provide stimulation to SCP-916 through the provision of a companion dog in its containment area and/or regular exercise in a larger containment area. While this is not mandatory, insufficient stimulation has previously resulted in physical illness for SCP-916. Personnel in contact with SCP-916 are advised to wear noise-canceling devices to avoid unnecessary contact with SCP-916-1. Should SCP-916 unexpectedly enter its active state, it may be safely transported to and locked in its kennel. Test subjects should be checked for any potential implements of self-harm before testing, and guard personnel are to maintain at least one non-lethal means of subduing test subjects.
SCP-917 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell. Music and literature may be made available on request.
One aide is to be assigned to SCP-917 at all times. Aides are to be rotated on 6-hour shifts. SCP-917 may request to be left in solitude at any time. However, this privilege is restricted to four (4) hours a day.
A basic Braille-based communication book has been supplied to SCP-917. Simple communication may be performed through this medium, as well as agreed-upon hand signals. Personnel are instructed to not awaken SCP-917 while in new-moon phase unless absolutely required, as this may cause panic in the subject. Personnel are to wait until SCP-917 gives the agreed-upon signal before interaction.
SCP-917 suffers from moderate arthritis, and is to be supplied with medication when feeding is possible.
As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-917 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
SCP-918 is to be marked on all maps as an artillery range and satellite images of the area are to be altered to corroborate with this cover story.
Any instances of SCP-918-1 are to be shot down by on-site personnel and any instances of SCP-918-1 that manage to leave SCP-918 are to be tracked and prevented from completing their task.
Any civilians approaching SCP-918 are to be taken into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic.
[REVISED] as of ██/██/████ due to [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-919 is to be kept in a locked storage room with no windows and two armed guards at all times. All personnel to interact with SCP-919 must pass a psychological evaluation.
Mobile Task Force Iota-1 ("Mister Hunters") are currently tracking SCP-920's movements. Currently SCP-920's movements are being followed by satellite observation. Tracking of SCP-920 by land or air has been discontinued. Suggestions on efficient containment of SCP-920 may be submitted to Dr. █████████.
Any personnel encountering Mobile Task Force Iota-1 are to contact O5-4.
Research Site-346 has been constructed inside SCP-921. Signs indicating volcano and earthquake hazards are to be posted around SCP-921's containment area, in order to discourage civilian visitation. Foundation agents are to be disguised as members of the Armenite State Forest Service, and are to ensure the area is vacant at all times. Interaction with instances of SCP-921-1 is permitted to all personnel who passed the general authorization process for the Site, while direct interaction with SCP-921-2 requires authorization from Site Director Dr. Siril.
As SCP-922 is localized on the campus of the University of █████1 and the surrounding neighborhoods, containment efforts are restricted to the areas designated by Site Director al-Zarqa, cumulatively identified as Site-305. Personnel are to maintain absolute secrecy and discretion when interacting with students and faculty of the University under the guise of campus security and/or custodial staff. Cooperation with local FBI Unusual Incidents Unit affiliates is ongoing in order to locate and identify a potential source for SCP-922, if at all possible.
Foundation personnel assigned to Site-305 with security level 2 and below are to abide by the following containment procedures:
- Personnel are not to engage students, faculty, or civilians on-site without prior approval from level 4 personnel.
- Personnel embedded within the University of █████ at risk of discovery by students, faculty, or civilians are to resign and/or withdraw from their cover positions and submit all gathered information to their project overseer alone. No other individual, regardless of rank or class, is privy to this information.
- Personnel are not to respond to on-site incidents, up to and including threats of violence directed against personnel, unless such threats appear to place personnel in a situation of imminent danger.
- Embedded personnel are not to contradict inaccurate statements made by students, faculty, or civilians.
The number of on-site personnel is to be maintained at a consistent 601 644 to prevent discrepancies related to SCP-922's effects.

Level 4 Security Access Required

Confirmed

A selection of 13 level 4 personnel on-site have been authorized to make note of or "mark" any level 3 personnel or below who are suspected of having been anomalously created by SCP-922. Personnel who are "marked" are not to be re-assigned without the authorization of Site Director al-Zarqa and at least 10 of the 13 authorized level 4 personnel. If authorized, these individuals are to be given amnestics and monitored at their new assignments.
The identities of the 13 authorized level 4 personnel are to remain classified to all personnel save for Site Director al-Zarqa and the O5 council.



None. SCP-923 is currently in orbit at an altitude of ███ km. This, combined with its automated defenses, makes retrieval impossible. SCP-923 reports that it has no control over its defense mechanisms. As such, it cannot be contained in the traditional sense.
Instead, care must be taken to make sure no other satellites enter SCP-923’s path, as further damage to the object could cause catastrophic results. Furthermore, its defense mechanisms destroying another satellite would display its anomalous nature, and destroy the cover story of a military spy satellite.
Since the object ignores all queries and instructions that lack O5-level authorization, termination of the object has been suspended until it becomes unusable.
All specimens of SCP-924 are to be kept in separate 7 m x 7 m x 7 m saltwater tanks within Site 46. The water is to be kept at a steady temperature of 1.6ºC (35ºF). All observation points are to be constructed of reinforced glass. If a tank must be entered for reasons of experimentation or cleaning, the water is to be heated to a temperature of 7ºC (44.6ºF). Entering tanks outside of these conditions is prohibited.
Each SCP-924 is to be supplied with 85 kilograms of fresh meat on a monthly basis.
The capture or elimination of wild specimens of SCP-924 is to be carried out by Special Task Force Τau-2 “Polar Pathfinders”.
Specimens of SCP-925 are to be kept in individual standard 5 meter by 5 meter steel cells. Twice a day, 285g of various fungi are to be pushed through a door slot and into the cell using the provided pole.
Personnel transporting SCP-925 specimens are to wear steel mesh suits underneath Level D HAZMAT equipment. Should Level 0 personnel and above physically contact a specimen without the aforementioned equipment, a class B amnestic is to be administered, followed by transfer to another project. Class D personnel are to be terminated.
When not in use, SCP-926 is to be unstrung and stored in the temperature- and humidity-controlled case constructed for that purpose, and locked in Research Chamber 5688-A. Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate SCP-926. Before research access to SCP-926 is permitted, counterpart personnel at Site 366 in Xi'an, China are to be alerted. Testing of SCP-926 is suspended pending confirmation of the excavation and recovery of all responsive statues. See test log below.
The neighbourhood containing SCP-927 is to be quarantined; no civilians are to be permitted entry. SCP-927 is to be staffed by ten (10) Biological Containment Personnel at all times. Flamethrowers are to be kept on location at all times and are to be used in the event of nearby properties becoming infested.
Any civilians inquiring about SCP-927's level of security are to be informed that the area has been quarantined as a result of a radiation leak. In the event of extended inquiry on the part of civilians, concerned individuals are to be brought into custody and dosed with a Class A amnestic.
SCP-928 is kept in a glass viewing case situated at the far end of a 3m x 5m containment room at Site 80. The case can be unlocked by the concurrent use of two keys. These keys are currently held by Researcher Short and Researcher Kaplan. At least two personnel must be present at all times when SCP-928 is being interacted with.
SCP-928 must be monitored with audio and visual surveillance at all times. Recordings are to be analyzed by staff at Site 80.
All chess moves dictated by SCP-928 must be recorded in Document 928-3. Attempts to reconstruct the game that it is playing are ongoing.
SCP-929 is currently kept in the form of a Common Blackbird chick. SCP-929 is to be kept in a sealed glass chamber measuring 4m x 4m. This chamber is to contain both SCP-929 and the 'parent' organisms. SCP-929 is to be fed daily according to Nutrition Chart 929-1. (See Incident 929-1)
SCP-929 is currently kept in the form of a young Carassius auratus auratus, the domestic goldfish, to minimize difficulties in containment. SCP-929 is to be contained in a 3m x 3m glass tank with the goldfish it has designated as its 'parent'.
This central tank is to be surrounded by four smaller tanks, each containing one goldfish. In the event that the 'parent' goldfish expire, SCP-929 will designate one of the surrounding goldfish as its new 'parent', instead of supervising research staff.
SCP-929 is to be fed as described in Nutritional Chart 929-2 at least twice a day. No threatening movements are to be made against SCP-929 (tapping of glass, shaking of tank, etc.)
An island several kilometres south has been substituted as the original island for the purposes of regional documentation. Maps or works which record otherwise are to be confiscated and destroyed, or modified to remove SCP-930's existence. Security stations have been established on █ nearby islands to observe passing vessels. Should any ship approach within 1.25 km of SCP-930, it is to be intercepted and the crew detained, pending issue of class-A amnestics. Should SCP-930-1, [REDACTED] flee from SCP-930, SCPS Guardian is authorized to commence long-range incendiary bombardment.
SCP-932-01 through -06-08 are to be kept in a 15 m x 15 m room with observational windows, furnished with a speaker and a bed with straps. During an observation, experimentation or interaction session, the speaker is to play a tone of 510 Hz at 100 dB (rated as 'loud') to enable visibility of SCP-932. Noise-cancelling headphones are available to participating staff on request to facilitate communication.
Once every 3 days, a D-Class personnel is to sleep in the bed in SCP-932's chamber for feeding purposes. The speakers need not be turned on for this purpose. The feeding process is never fatal; however, the straps can be utilised in case of resistance on part of the D-Class. Said personnel can be returned to normal duties afterwards.
Wild instances of SCP-932 are to be tracked down and captured alive by MTF Iota-4 ("Dream Hunters").
EDIT: Following Incident-932-002, containment breach protocols have been set. The 510 Hz tone is to be played throughout the site if a breach occurs, and all air vents or possible escape routes are to be sealed. All on-site personnel are advised to keep as calm as possible. The following changes are also to be made to SCP-932's containment: The speaker is to be affixed to the wall and play the aforementioned tone at all times and that a different D-Class personnel be used for each feeding session.
SCP-933-02 and all affected subjects must be stored in a modified standard artifact containment unit that contains no electronic components. All personnel guarding SCP-933-02 and affected subjects must be equipped with standard assault rifles, a high-caliber sidearm, class 3 magnesium flares with an active duration of no less than 20 minutes, and protective goggles.
In the event of SCP-933-02 or any affected subjects escaping, all personnel are to activate their flares first and don the protective goggles second. Maximum force is authorized to restore containment.
SCP-933-01 is to be guarded in a manner identically to SCP-933-02 and the affected subjects. SCP-933-02 and the affected subjects have shown that they will always make their way directly to SCP-933-01. How they determine this path is unknown.
Containment Area 934-1 has been established in a 5 km radius around SCP-934, under the cover of supposed chemical contamination. Armed, undercover guards must be on station around the perimeter at all times, and any civilians attempting to enter the area or gain access to SCP-934 must be detained and questioned.
SCP-935 is kept within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 19. It is to be monitored at all times, and in the event of a demanifestation agents are to begin monitoring all subjects known to carry Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Genetic testing is to be done on all personnel applying for positions in the Foundation, and those who test positive for Genetic Marker Bowe-1A are to be placed under supervision by Foundation agents. If SCP-935 de-materializes, agents are instructed first to begin surveillance of all subjects carrying Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Agents will be briefed on how to identify these individuals prior to being assigned to SCP-935's containment. When SCP-935 reappears, it is to be retrieved and returned to containment, with containment procedures being updated.
Specimens of SCP-936 are to be kept on the grounds of Bio Research Site-104, enclosed by a fence to prevent unauthorised access, and watered daily. Approximately once a month, the plantation is to be screened for any SCP-936-1 by two (2) D-Class personnel of adequate physical ability and SCP-936-1 are to be harvested according to site plan.
Harvested SCP-936-2 are to be incinerated if unused, can be fed to contained carnivores upon removal of seeds, which are to be incinerated.
Following Incident 936-1, the D-class personnel performing the screening are to be screened thoroughly for infectious diseases, and are to use sterile gloves and facial filters to prevent contamination.
Uncontained SCP-936 instances are to be dug out and any SCP-936-1 and SCP-936-2 incinerated. For purposes of containment, the Foundation is to ensure SCP-936 is declared an invasive species by local governments; a censored description is to be made public for this purpose.
SCP-937 specimens are to remain at Site-92, located at [REDACTED] in Melanesia. Site-92 is listed by its host government as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is off limits for all but selected personnel, all of whom are Foundation researchers and security staff. SCP-937 hives in the wild are to be quarantined and incinerated.
SCP-938 is to be contained within Capacitor Bank Zero at Bio-Containment and Research Site-06 Bio-Containment and Research Site-07. This bank is to consist of 427,500 EPCOS B4345 capacitors, maintained within Storage Warehouse Zero. Storage Warehouse Zero should be constructed of unreinforced high-strength concrete, its interior walls, floor, and ceiling lined with 5cm of insulating PVC. The structure must be devoid of electrical wiring and systems; lighting should be provided by fiber-optic cables routed underground from adjacent structures. Neither the fiber-optic cables nor their cladding may be electrically conductive. Storage Warehouse Zero should be a minimum of fifty (50) meters from adjacent structures.
Capacitor storage racks are to be positioned over the warehouse's built-in floor drains. Capacitors containing SCP-938 appear to seep a dark red fluid, identified as [REDACTED] blood, in a manner visually similar to condensation. This is normal, and not a sign that SCP-938 containment has been breached. This phenomenon may be ignored, provided Storage Warehouse Zero's floor drains remain unobstructed and precautions are taken to ensure this blood does not interfere with capacitors positioned below. Should this phenomenon cease, site command is to be immediately informed of a potential breach of containment.
Both the structure and Capacitor Bank Zero should be inspected by four (4) Class D personnel supervised by two (2) Clearance Level Two research personnel and at least one (1) Clearance Level Three security officer weekly or immediately following any electrical storm occurring within twenty (20) kilometers. No electronic devices are to be brought into Storage Warehouse Zero without prior authorization of Level 4 research staff. Personnel implanted with pacemakers or metallic implants are denied access to the facility. Inspection personnel are encouraged to carry secondary chemical light sources as a precaution against total lighting and power failure.
SCP-939-1, -3, -19, -53, -89, -96, -98, -99, and -109 are kept in Cell 1163-A or 1163-B, 10 m x 10 m x 3 m containment chambers within Armed Bio-Containment Area-14. Both cells are environmentally regulated and negatively pressurized, with walls constructed of reinforced concrete. Access to these cells is regulated by an outer decontamination chamber and inner gas-tight steel security doors. Observation windows are constructed of laminated ballistics glass 10 cm in thickness protected by a 100kV electrified mesh. Humidity is maintained at 100% at a temperature of 16° C. Specimens are monitored at all times via infrared cameras. Level Four authorization is required to access SCP-939, their containment areas, or the observation chambers.
SCP-939-101 is dismembered and stored in Cryogenic Preservation Tanks 939-101A to 939-101M within Bio-Research Area-12. Access to SCP-939-101 requires authorization by two Clearance Level 3 personnel, one of which must be present for all research and testing. The contents of only one (1) 939-101 tank may be accessed at any given time. Core temperature of SCP-939-101 tissues must be monitored while removed from cryogenic preservation; should core temperature exceed 10° C, tissues are to be returned to their corresponding tank and all testing suspended for a period of seventy-two (72) hours. Barring core temperature exceeding 10° C, research of SCP-939-101 tissues may continue as long as its ramblings and pleas for release may be tolerated.
Containment cells should be cleaned biweekly. While this takes place, SCP-939 specimens will be transferred to the adjacent cell. During this time, the cell's door and observation window must be inspected for damage and repaired or replaced accordingly.
Heavy sedation of all SCP-939 is required before any interaction, including transfer between cells and experimentation, may take place. See Document #939-TE4 for transfer and experimentation protocol.
Level C Hazmat gear is to be worn by personnel during interactions with SCP-939 specimens and in any areas which SCP-939 have been known to inhabit. Afterward, standard decontamination procedures are to be observed by all personnel involved to ensure no secondary spread of amnestic agents occurs.
Following Incident ABCA14-939-3, all non Class D personnel interacting with SCP-939 for any length of time are required to wear two (2) water-proof electronic pulse monitors for the duration of such interaction. These pulse monitors will transmit to a wireless monitoring system independent of a facility's main power grid, with at least one backup power system on standby. Should both an individual's pulse monitors flat-line or otherwise malfunction, the wearer will be presumed dead, personnel instructed to disregard all the wearer's subsequent vocalizations, and a breach of containment declared automatically. Security personnel responding to such a breach are likewise required to wear these pulse monitors.
Additionally, all live SCP-939 must be implanted with subdermal tracking devices upon capture.
All known samples of SCP-940 larva are currently in containment. Systematic purging of SCP-940 adult samples from civilians is currently (as of ██/██/████) being spearheaded by a combination of Area-14 Research personnel and Mobile Task Force Omicron-7 ("Orkin"). Samples of Foundation strengthened █████-█-████████ (see documentation regarding 'Agent Blue') are in the process of being added to commercially available insecticides, which is expected to prevent any more 'wild' strains of SCP-940 from arising. All SCP-940 infectees are to be treated as Class 4 Biohazards, and are to be contained and transported under heavy sedation to Area-14, or otherwise terminated. Deceased bodies infected with any SCP-940 strain, regardless of developmental stage, are to be incinerated.
All objects afflicted by SCP-941 are kept in a secure garage within the motor division of Site-77, disassembled to individual components when not being tested. A science team supervised by Assistant Director of Medicine Vayl has been assigned to investigate SCP-941 from an epidemiological and behavioralist perspective, with special attention paid to cases indicating potentially novel strains or actions taken by SCP-941 infected vehicles.
Any research indicating SCP-941 being capable of crossing over to diesel vehicles is to be treated as a Class V Biohazard threat, and any potential vectors for cross-infection are to be destroyed immediately. Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" has been assigned to assess and secure structures identified as infection vectors.
Because SCP-941 was already widespread in certain regions at the time of its initial discovery, it currently continues to exist in small numbers in the general vehicle population. As such, containment field agents are focused on suppression of information regarding SCP-941 through previously utilized disinformation techniques.
Foundation-owned vehicles are to be, whenever possible, diesel-fueled or electrically powered. SCP-1894 has been demonstrated as being immune to SCP-941, a fact discovered during accidental contact, as such it has been earmarked as a potential failsafe vehicle in the event of a mass-containment failure resulting in widespread infection.
SCP-942-2 is to be stored in a locked safe-deposit box at Site ██'s Low Risk Object Storage. Access is to be limited to experiments with prior written permission from the current SCP-942 lead researcher.1
Any personnel affected by SCP-942-1 must remain within Foundation controlled facilities at all times. Contact with civilians, personnel without level 2 clearance on SCP-942, or other anomalous items is strictly forbidden for affected personnel. Affected personnel are to be given a higher priority for psychological screening and aid. Any civilians affected by SCP-942-1 are to be recruited or terminated with suitable cover stories on a case-by-case basis.
If additional instances of SCP-942-2 are encountered, the object is to be retrieved as soon as possible and the surrounding area checked for affected subjects. Destruction of additional instances of SCP-942-2 is authorised if retrieval proves infeasible.
SCP-943 is to be stored in a secure lockbox in a High Security Containment Vault, accessible only to Level 2 or higher personnel. For purposes of interrogation, Level 1 personnel may request access to SCP-943, but the request must be approved by Level 2 personnel, and the individual signing SCP-943 out must record a date, time, location of use, and appropriate protective measures taken to preserve SCP-943's integrity. Failure to do so will result in all personnel involved having their service records subject to immediate review and penalties of demotion or termination for those found negligent.
SCP-944 is to be surrounded by a 3 m high opaque fence, both to prevent outside access and to allow experimentation unobserved by the public. SCP-944 is officially listed as a condemned building, and “Construction Area” signs are posted to explain the fenced-off area. Level 1 agents wearing ███ █████ Amusement Park security uniforms are to guard the area and prevent unauthorized access.
Non-D-Class personnel entering SCP-944 are cautioned to follow the blue floor lines, indicating safe paths. The “Hall of Fun” is off-limits, due to possible exposure to anomalous effects.
D-Class personnel must be outfitted with subcutaneous GPS location transmitters before being permitted to enter SCP-944.
SCP-945 is to remain sealed and locked inside a steel chest, in a 3m x 3m cell at Storage Site ██. The cell is under video surveillance and the walls are carved with deep, irregular patterns to hinder escape. Any staff who have had contact with SCP-945 or its creations must be registered with on-site security. The contents of SCP-945 should be counted and logged 24 hours after the monthly D-class termination, or after the death of any staff who have previously had contact with SCP-945 or any of its creations. SCP-945-1 is to be contained in a locked glass case separate from SCP-945. If SCP-945-1 is not found within its case the Site is to be immediately locked down for a security sweep.
SCP-946 is to be kept in the center of a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m windowless, soundproofed containment chamber. The only light source in the room is to be a single spotlight, situated directly above SCP-946. Cameras and audio recording devices monitor SCP-946 at all times to ensure all SCP-946 activity is recorded. A minimum of one skilled debater is to remain on call at all times. Anyone who observes a debate between SCP-946-1 and SCP-946-2 where classified Foundation information is revealed for which they do not have clearance is to be administered Class A Amnestics.
SCP-947 is stored on a textfile in a USB drive. This drive is currently stored in a secure locker in the Site-42 Digital Armory. Junior Researcher Gautam Ramesh is currently working with Mobile Task Force Upsilon-4 ("Sugar Pill") to develop a countermemetic agent for SCP-947.
SCP-948 is contained within Area-IE05. No extra precautions are required for the area beyond standard secrecy and amnestic procedures for a Foundation teaching and research centre within a civilian campus.
SCP-948 is to be regularly medically examined, with bloodwork taken at least once a month. Where possible, these examinations should occur within Area-IE05, with a focus on allowing SCP-948 freedom to continue speaking.
All Area-IE05 staff and students are permitted to enter and exit the Pythagoras Theatre freely with use of a timesheet to be posted outside the theatre daily. Supervisors are to be assigned on rotation to ensure SCP-948 is monitored at all times, and that no individuals spend excessive amounts of time with the object.
SCP-948 should be provided with chalk, markers and other materials as appropriate. This is also the responsibility of the supervisors, with reimbursement of up to €200 per annum allowable from the site's petty cash fund.
The area in which SCP-949 manifests itself is to be surrounded by two (2) meter tall electrical fencing. The perimeter of the containment area is to be patrolled by guards at all times, operating in groups of four (4). Due to the size of SCP-949, use of vehicles is authorized during security patrol.
Any civilians approaching SCP-949 are to be taken into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. Exploration of SCP-949 is to be carried out using D-class personnel. Exploration of SCP-949 must be authorised by three (3) members of Level 4 personnel.
SCP-950 is to be stored in a well-lit room, with a video camera in one corner, and is to remain plugged in to an isolated electrical generator.
The output resulting from the completion of SCP-950's activity must be handled with extreme caution; all non-Class D personnel must handle the laundry or any baskets containing the laundry with sterile gloves and hospital-grade masks. All output is to be inspected and photographed, as directed by the lead of SCP-950 testing. All articles output are to be incinerated afterwards, unless directed by the lead of testing.
Personnel who wish to volunteer their own laundry must first be vetted, and the contents of their submission must be inspected before they are granted entry to the testing room.
A copy of SCP-951-1 is to be kept in a standard containment locker and to be used only for testing. Extensive information suppression of SCP-951 is not necessary; however, websites concerning video game glitches or bugs are to be regularly monitored for descriptions of SCP-951, and any individuals discussing SCP-951 are to be made to believe that SCP-951 is a regular, non-anomalous glitch. Individuals further perpetuating SCP-951's anomalous nature are to be located and given a Class-A amnestic and their copy of SCP-951-1 replaced with a confirmed non-affected cartridge. In addition, Foundation-sponsored ROM image files of non-anomalous copies of SCP-951-1 are to be distributed to avoid accidental upload of affected cartridges and minimize exposure to SCP-951.
Musical projects under the effects of SCP-952 are to be terminated by any means possible, and any physical media storing recordings of SCP-952-influenced music are to be copied onto a Standardized Type-C antimemetic storage device, then destroyed. Venues that have hosted SCP-952-infected musicians are to be closed until such a point when it can be confirmed that none of the staff are affected.
Development of a countermemetic agent to combat SCP-952 is underway. Until its completion, all individuals affected by SCP-952 are to be detained.
As a precaution, Foundation agents in the music industry should seek to discredit "math rock" as a genre, until such a time when SCP-952 is fully contained. Relevant personnel should refer to Document 952-32 for more details.
SCP-953 is to be kept in a Type 4 containment cell (4 m x 3 m x 3 m) at the end of Hallway 99 at Site-17. Subject is to be provided the following:

1.5 kg of fresh liver daily for consumption.
Clean drinking water in plentiful quantities.
Clean bedding (futon and blankets) to be exchanged by the subject and laundered weekly.

Small luxury items (plum wine, reading materials, etc.) may be provided as an occasional reward for good behavior as part of psychological conditioning.
Direct human contact with SCP-953 is strictly forbidden due to SCP-953's mind-altering properties; for this reason, all personnel must respect a 100 m safe zone when the hermetically sealed door is opened. Delivery of food and other items will be carried out by an automated robotic assistant. Should containment fail, SCP-953 can be theoretically terminated by gunfire; however, due to its nature, recognizing SCP-953 may be difficult.
Because of the inadequacy of purely physical containment procedures to control SCP-953, psychological containment is also necessary. For this reason, the approach to SCP-953's containment chamber is to be lined with open-cage dog kennels, preferably of the Korean Jindo or American Foxhound breed. SCP-953 displays an extreme phobia of domesticated canines, and will not pass within 10 m of one, especially when canines are barking or alerted.
SCP-953 is to be considered hostile to human life, dangerous, and armed at all times; any transport must be done under the supervision of at least six (6) armed personnel. Its preferred killing method is a bare-handed strike to the abdomen, penetrating the abdominal cavity and removing the liver, which it will later consume. If given time, however, it will choose to linger over its kill, torturing its victim, as it seems to enjoy the infliction of pain upon another sentient being.
Instances of SCP-954 are to be contained in Bio-Habitat 27 at Site ██. Bio-Habitat 27 is to be covered in a soundproof material, on the interior and exterior to prevent sound leakage from the containment chamber. Testing with SCP-954 requires level 2 clearance, with an experiment procedure delivered to the director of Study for SCP-954, currently Doctor ███████.
Specimens of SCP-955 are to be contained in an outdoor steel screen kennel with a ceiling and a concrete floor that provides for sufficient drainage. The screen mesh should be sufficient to contain juvenile specimens, and the screen should be coated with anticorrosives and regularly inspected for damage. Each kennel shall be of sufficient size to allow the specimens to exercise. It is recommended that each kennel contain a variety of durable rubber or plastic animal toys in order to reduce stress to the specimens. Specimens are to be nourished with 1 to 4 liters of fructose solution per day and are to have free access to clean, fresh water.
Personnel are advised to wear anticorrosive protective gear when visiting the kennel area and to avoid inadvertently making threatening movements or startling the specimens. Keepers at Site-34 have reported that playing recordings of soft music and the sounds of childrens’ laughter is effective in reducing anxiety in the SCP-955 specimens housed there. If a specimen of SCP-955 becomes distressed, a keeper should first confirm the integrity of his or her protective gear, then slowly approach the specimen and make physical contact: gently stroking the specimen’s upper thorax or carapace has been shown to soothe the specimen.
SCP-956 is to be kept at the approximate center of a 18 by 18 by 4 meter concrete room at all times. The door is to be locked, with an armed guard posted to prevent unauthorized access. Entrance by research personnel into the room is only permitted once SCP-956 has entered a dormant state. Permission to bring a subject into the room must be cleared by O5 approval to decrease the occurrence of SCP-956-1 as well as [DATA REDACTED]. Unless for testing, individuals fulfilling SCP-956's activation requirement are not to be brought within 200 meters of SCP-956's containment area. Surveillance is to be maintained through security footage at all times.
██ instances of SCP-956-1 are kept in a neighboring room, and are to be maintained at a temperature of -4 degrees Celsius in order to prevent melting or destruction. Any use of SCP-956-1 is to be authorized by at least one member of O5, and to be carried out in a room identical to SCP-956's containment chamber. Any excess SCP-956-1 created by tests with SCP-956 is to be incinerated unless authorized by personnel with Security Clearance 4 or higher, as are any extraneous instances of SCP-956.
SCP-957 is to be monitored via remote video surveillance set up within the location where it currently resides. Personnel are allowed to approach and interview the entity when given clearance by four (4) Level-3 or higher employees.
One (1) D-Class subject is to inhabit the closest residence to SCP-957’s location as possible in order to minimize civilian exposure to the entity. SCP-957’s house is to be monitored for signs of SCP-957-1 exhibiting unusual behavior, namely feigning helplessness due to blindness. If this is observed, a D-Class subject is to be sent to escort SCP-957-1 back into its house.
SCP-958-A instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 11 at Site-██ in an inactive state. SCP-958-B instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 13 at Site-██ if neutralization is not feasible.
SCP-959 is to be sequestered in a 6 m x 8 m room at Site-██ with adequate furnishings and reading material for comfort within SCP guidelines. Only personnel who have passed psychological screening may interact with SCP-959. All personnel entering the room must obtain a copy of the photograph in the file tray next to the door as a reminder that what they are observing is, in fact, the phenomenon SCP-959 exhibits. This photo is to be placed back into the tray upon exiting.
Any overtly aberrant behavior exhibited by personnel beyond mild revulsion must be recorded and said personnel transferred to other duties after further screening sees them fit to do so. SCP-959 is not to be given any food outside of the diet prescribed by Physician ██████ due to recent diagnosis (see Addendum 959-a). Subject is not allowed outside of his room without an armed guard present at all times for protection and only during exercise regimen (see Addendum 959-a).
SCP-959 is allowed standard personal grooming equipment and access to a razor and mustache wax to maintain his appearance so long as no signs of tendencies towards self-mutilation are shown.
Under no circumstances is SCP-959 allowed to interact with other sentient SCPs unless for the purposes of testing and only by the express written approval of Dr. ███████. Under no circumstances are any personnel who were previously assigned to SCP-231-7 to be assigned to SCP-959 due to [DATA EXPUNGED] more information see video attachment to Incident Report ███-██.
SCP-960 must be kept in a 10 cm-thick seamless, steel cubic container measuring 50 cm x 50 cm x 60 cm. Those conducting research upon it are to be the only ones given the codes that unlock its room and container. Any handling of SCP-960 is to be conducted while the researcher is wearing gloves or other protective equipment (except when it is being tested upon D-class or other subjects).
Until he or she has created nine original works, any human who comes into contact with SCP-960 by the skin is to be kept in an isolation ward and provided with whatever supplies they ask for, given that these items are cleared for their use by appropriate officials. Immediately after completion of the ninth opus, however, the subject is to be terminated.
SCP-961 is to be kept outdoors, in its storage container, or in a closed, empty room at Site 38 when not in use for testing. During daylight hours, SCP-961 must be kept in an area exposed to sunlight for as long as possible. Object is to remain under observation by camera at all times. If unusual movement of shadows on SCP-961's face is detected while in full sunlight, object is to be moved indoors and secured in an unoccupied room. SCP-961 is not to be kept in a region where full daylight is not present for at least thirteen (13) consecutive hours, though cloud cover or inclement weather does not seem to activate SCP-961's effect. As seasons change, SCP-961 may be relocated as per Protocol 961-Beta. The storage container discovered with SCP-961 appears to be effective in containing its effect via unknown means. Keeping the artifact in an empty, completely closed room is similarly effective; it is presumed that its effect continues to take place, unnoticed.
When indoors for testing purposes, four D-class personnel with a score of 85 or higher on the Lezak-Hooper Short-Term Memory Inventory are to be kept in an empty room with SCP-961 during the last five minutes of its cycle. Under no circumstances is SCP-961's cycle to be allowed to complete outdoors. A digital clock is to be included in the containment room.
If events observed with SCP-961 contradict available records, report to researchers supervisor O5 command immediately.
Due to its immobility, SCP-962 is to be left in the valley in which it was found. A █ kilometer perimeter is to be set up around the object. Any civilians seeking to pass the perimeter are to be turned away under the premise that a nuclear waste containment site is within. Any persons not affiliated with the Foundation found within the area are to be interrogated and issued Class A amnestics. A no-fly zone is to be enforced for the same perimeter. To discourage growth of SCP-962's range, four live cattle and two tons of timber are to be airdropped near SCP-962 on a weekly basis.
Any balloons released by SCP-962 are to be shot down, and reasonable effort made to recover the manuscripts. Should a balloon escape and be found by a civilian, Class A amnestics are to be administered, and the balloon and attached writings confiscated. All manuscripts are to be stored in a minimal-security vault, with "rants" stored in a separate vault. Level two or higher personnel wishing to read materials produced by SCP-962 may submit a request to the project director.
SCP-963-1 is to be given into the care of a current D level operative, as well as personnel classified as Dr. Bright's assistant. This assistant is to be chosen by O5-█ for loyalty to the Foundation, as well as psychological stability.
SCP-963 is to be attached to the subject's forehead or the back of the subject's hand using a suitably strong epoxy. SCP-963-1 is now hung by a chain from subject's neck. 963-1 is not allowed to be hidden upon the subject's body. Any attempt to do so will be met with lethal force.
If the current D-level subject exceeds a thirty-day life span, they are to be executed and a new subject chosen to wear 963-1. By order of O5-█, any body SCP-963-1 is installed upon is given a stay of execution until it passes on of natural causes, or 963-1 is transferred to a new host.
ATTENTION: As of 12/13/████ 963-1 is not allowed in proximity of any Euclid or Keter class humanoid SCPs. This directive is to be enforced lethally. Rescinded, O5-6, O5-8, O5-9
ATTENTION: As of Incident-239-b Clef-Kondraki, SCP-963-1 is not allowed at Site 17 without the express permission of three O5's. Violations are to be met with lethal force. Rescinded, O5-6, O5-8, O5-9
SCP-964 is currently stored in a standard containment chamber at Site-45. Access to the object is prohibited for all personnel of Site-45 regardless of security level. In the event of a containment breach site security must evacuate all compromised sectors, contact Site-11, and await arrival of MTF teams tasked with object's recontainment. Site-45 staff that came in contact with SCP-964 must be processed according to protocol 964Δ6h. If number of affected personnel exceeds 20%, or protocol 964Δ6h cannot be enacted, SCP-964 must be relocated to another Site immediately.
Research on SCP-964 must be conducted remotely, using suitable Foundation facilities located at least 200 km from the Site currently housing the object. All interactions with SCP-964 related materials must be done according to protocol 964Δ6d. All documentation on SCP-964 must be transferred into digital format weekly, and hard copies subsequently incinerated. All digital data must be processed according to protocol 964Δ6r once every two weeks.
SCP-965 is contained within a framed, ready-to-install window (henceforth referred to as SCP-965-1) composed of at least six (6) panes of clear glass (or similar material) measuring at least 15cm x 30cm. SCP-965-1 must in turn be kept within an environmentally controlled storage facility capable of withstanding significant seismic disturbances. SCP-965-1 should be inspected at least once per week to check for degradation of material. At all times, at least two (2) similar framed windows must be present and within separate chambers in additional padding and insulation, with no other window pane measuring greater than 14cm wide or 29 cm tall between them and the current SCP-965-1. The lighting within the chamber containing SCP-965 must be at a minimum of 130 candelas at any time personnel are within said chamber, except during research.
While SCP-965 is currently contained within SCP-965-1, our inability to control its movement upon destruction of SCP-965-1 through means beyond proximity have prompted its elevation to Euclid status. Research into a more permanent means to contain SCP-965 is ongoing and individual experiments may be carried out by Clearance Level 1 personnel after approval by Level 3 administration.
MTF Iota-1 "Dream Hunters" and MTF Iota-2 "Air Chasers" are to regularly be on the lookout for news about sudden, violent human deaths related to sleep deprivation, in order to find and neutralize remaining wild instances of SCP-966.
The four specimens of SCP-966 (three males, designated SCP-966-1, SCP-966-3, and SCP-966-4, and one female, designated SCP-966-2) acquired by the Foundation must be contained in a 10 x 10 m room made of steel, lined with lead, located on Site-██. Two security cameras with infrared filters and infrared-sensitive film are to be installed inside the room. Each specimen of SCP-966 is to be fed with 20 kg of meat every month.
In the event of SCP-966-2 giving birth, the newborn specimen is to be studied and disposed of before it reaches maturity.
SCP-967 is to be contained within a 12 (twelve)-meter-high electric fence (primary containment), surrounded by a 150 (one hundred and fifty)-meter-wide buffer zone of vegetation consisting of wildflowers, fruit trees, and mixed grasses, and monitored by no less than 60 (sixty) on-site personnel disguised as members of the Scrapyard Cleaning People environmental organization. Civilians are to be dissuaded from entry to the buffer zone by means of a "toxic waste bioremediation research" cover story.
In the event of a containment breach, instances of SCP-967-1 can be distinguished from instances of SCP-967-2 by their reaction to the buffer zone. During a containment breach, SCP-967-1 will hesitate, manifest apparent confusion and fear, and then attempt to return within the confines of the electric fence. Any instances of SCP-967-1 which fail in this attempt will undergo decohesion within 3 (three) minutes of having left SCP-967; metal detectors and industrial electromagnets are to be used to collect all decohered fragments. Any decohered fragments which are not used for research purposes are to be incinerated, with their ashes bound in a concrete matrix which is then stored within the overall confines of SCP-967. Any damage to the buffer zone caused by the containment breach must be repaired within no more than 30 (thirty) minutes.
During a containment breach, SCP-967-2 will not react to the buffer zone. Individual instances of SCP-967-2 are to be immobilized with electromagnetic weaponry until they undergo decohesion; no instance of SCP-967-2 has endured more than 2 (two) hours before undergoing decohesion. Metal detectors and industrial electromagnets are to be used to collect all decohered fragments. Any decohered fragments which are not used for research purposes are to be incinerated, with their ashes bound in a concrete matrix which is then stored within the overall confines of SCP-967. Any damage to the buffer zone caused by the containment breach must be repaired within no more than 30 (thirty) minutes.
SCP-968 is kept in the center of large porcelain bowl with a steep curve. The bowl itself is made for transport, feeding, and removal of waste from SCP-968. It is lined with steel and braces designed to tip the bowl when needed. The bowl measures 7 meters across and 4 meters deep. While dormant, SCP-968 should be kept in an enclosed environment atmosphere at 3% humidity or less, between 30 and 35 degrees Celsius. To achieve a maximum state of submission, SCP-968 is to be "fed" between 50 and 80 kilograms of protein every 4 days.
Clean up of waste is achieved by tilting the bowl using the mechanical platform. SCP-968 will typically hold to one side of the bowl while waste slides down to the lowest point. A drip torch is used to ignite particulate waste and ash is removed by using blowers.
All instances of SCP-969 are to be kept in Containment Locker 19-969. All personnel are to be issued information annually on the appearance of SCP-969 instances. Personnel encountering an instance of SCP-969 are to retrieve it through preferably legal means.
All sites affected by SCP-970 are to be acquired by the Foundation, with a suitable cover established. Civilians attempting to enter the site are to be discouraged, preferably within the boundaries of local law; trespassers are to be administered a class-A amnestic.
In light of Experiment-04 and Addendum 970-02, armed personnel are to be stationed by entries into affected sites.
SCP-971 is to be kept in its labeled file folder and locked in file cabinet #26 in Site-19's file vault when not being used for testing. Keys to both the file vault and file cabinet #26 are held by onsite senior administrative members, and access to SCP-971 for testing is to be allowed only with explicit written permission from Level-4 personnel or higher. Due to potentially harmful environmental impact, testing of SCP-971 may not be scheduled more than once a week. Instances of SCP-971-1 have no special properties other than their mode of delivery, and may be disposed of normally.
SCP-972 is to be housed in standard humanoid containment furnished with standard amenities. Requests for additional furnishings are to be submitted to Dr. █████ and may be granted so long as they do not violate Foundation security protocols. SCP-972 may take meals in Site Cafeteria and is granted limited movement within Site ██. However, subject must be accompanied by one Level 1 Security personnel at all times.
Containment Addendum: Previous containment procedures rescinded due to refusal to cooperate and repeated attempts to breach containment. Subject remanded to containment cell at all times. Cell furnished with one twin bed, with linens to be changed on biweekly basis. Secondary chamber is attached for basic toiletries. No other furnishings permitted until further notice.
Primary containment area to be monitored by no less than four CCTV security cameras and one CCTV security camera in secondary chamber. Cameras are to be inspected weekly for damage and replaced immediately in the event of malfunction or if any damage is found. Video feed to be monitored by Security personnel in standard 8 hour shifts.
Two Level 2 Security personnel are to be stationed outside containment area, by the entrance, at all times. Should subject become aggressive or attempt to breach containment, it is to be subdued using only non-lethal methods, with emphasis on limiting unnecessary injury. Due to subject’s lack of combat ability beyond that of the average human, immobilizing foam or consumer grade Tasers will suffice for this purpose.
SCP-973’s nature precludes it from full containment within the Foundation. Due to the danger it presents, the 60-kilometer stretch of US Route ██ on which it is known to manifest is to be under satellite surveillance at all times. Any vehicles attempting to travel the designated section of highway between 22:00 and 04:30 are to be diverted to the detours at exits ███ and ███ by Foundation personnel. Trespassers are to be forcibly arrested and detained if the need arises.
One specimen of SCP-974 is kept within Zoological Reserve Site 16 in a lightly wooded containment area measuring no greater than 2500 m². An armed patrol is to be conducted at least once weekly in order to ascertain the status of any instances of SCP-974-2 and destroy any that are determined to be no longer in use.
Once every 3 months, a group of no fewer than 4 children between ages 6-12 are to be acquired per Protocol 12 and transported to the containment area. They will be housed in on-site barracks and daily encouraged to explore and play in the containment area. If SCP-974 has not targeted one of the children within 5 days, a different group of children will be introduced. This cycle is to be repeated until it is confirmed that at least 1 child has been targeted by SCP-974.
If SCP-974 attempts to leave the containment area, on-site security will herd it back using flamethrowers.
Agents are instructed to attempt to capture any instances of SCP-974 encountered in the wild, but are authorized to use lethal force to eliminate SCP-974 if capture is not feasible. This may include the total immolation of any areas inhabited by SCP-974, if warranted.
If any instances of SCP-974-A are encountered, they are to be destroyed as rapidly as possible. See Document 974-C(4b-f) for a full list of recommended weaponry and tactics.
SCP-975 is contained on-site. A 50 m section of the tunnel containing SCP-975-1 has been reinforced with 3 cm of titanium alloy plating and hermetically sealed, with the area accessible only via a secure airlock that is to be manned by at least two (2) armed guards at all times. This containment area is further sealed from the main tunnel network to deter urban explorers, and is now only accessible via an underground shaft in Site ██.
Any attempts to communicate with SCP-975-2 instances must by approved by O5 Command and overseen by Site Command, who may terminate proceedings at any given time. Any SCP-975-2 instances attempting to escape the containment area must be detained.
SCP-976 is attached to an isolated research computer at Site-█. All data from SCP-976 must be archived for analysis from automated backups made every 24 hours. Research on data extracted from SCP-976 requires level 2 clearance.
SCP-976 must not be installed in any terminal with a live connection to the Site-█ intranet or to any outside internet connection. Direct access to SCP-976 for purposes other than maintenance requires prior approval from at least two level 3 personnel.
Access to the SCP-977 site has been restricted on the basis of ongoing asbestos removal and renovation. The site is to be secured by guards in standard █████████ security company cover uniforms, with concealed armament. No fewer than three Foundation staff members are to be present on site at any time while research is being conducted. Personnel entering or leaving the building are required to don breathing masks and standard safety clothing to prevent suspicion.
The security cameras already existent in the building have been modified to link to SCP Foundation servers. Footage is automatically backed up every two hours both to local hard-drives and to off-site storage. Any developments are to be reported to site overseer Dr. █████████. Access to video recordings, research and logs may be granted by personnel with level 4 security clearance or higher.
Addendum: Following incident 977-I-1, all staff must be escorted by at least one other staff member or member of security personnel at all times while on the SCP-977 site. Failure to follow these procedures will result in reprimands, including (but are not limited to) demotion of security level, loss of privileges, and denial of leave. Object class has been upgraded to Euclid.
SCP-978 is to be kept in security locker H-J-12 at Site 17, and only to be removed or handled by personnel with Level-2 security clearance or higher. Testing parties may request extra film and printing paper at their leisure. SCP-978 is not to be used for blackmail, entertainment, or personal reasons.
This means you. ~ O5-██
All photographs produced by SCP-978 are to be cataloged along with full testing description. Requests to destroy photographs may be processed by Level-4 security clearance or higher personnel, at the discretion of the testing party.
All individuals suspected of being exposed to SCP-979 must be reviewed for changes in psyche. SCP-979 itself should be contained in a wire cage (and plastic flooring) approximately five (5) metres in length, height, and width. As SCP-979 does not produce waste, there is little need for any bedding. However, SCP-979 should be given a water dispenser of 150 milliliters, refilled daily, to prevent drying out. Also, SCP-979 is allowed one (1) shelter in its cage, consisting of commercial plastic of any color made for medium to large members of the Leporidae family normally sold in pet shops for companionship. SCP-979 is to be monitored with a hidden camera twenty-four (24) hours a day. Should SCP-979's behavior change in any way, it is to be logged and reported to a level 3 or higher personnel.
SCP-980 is to be kept in a 3 m x 3 m x 5 m lead room suspended in the center of a 25 m x 25 m x 25 m containment area at Site-██. This room is to have a single glass window aligned with the window to the containment area. The inner window requires replacement every 8 days. Leaded glass is to be used instead—see addendum. The door to this room is to be kept locked at all times that SCP-980 is not under study. Personnel ranking above D-class are not to enter the surrounding containment area due to mental and physical danger. No armed personnel or guards are required near the lift to SCP-980's cell, as it has not shown any means of escaping. In addition, the fall from its containment cell would injure it enough to prevent escape. No feeding or nutrition of any sort is necessary.
Having shown no signs of its influence spreading further than the recorded distance, as long as SCP-981-2 remains within SCP-981-1 it is required only to be stored in a standard artifact room in a locked copper box of at least 1cm thickness. Access to the SCP is by application for level 3 and above only.
If SCP-981-2 is to be removed from its canister it must be in a room at least 4m x 4m containing no physical media of any kind, and care must be taken during transport to ensure rooms adjacent, above and below are also cleared. Any memory sticks carried by Foundation personnel should also be removed before entering the room as a precaution. Any media found to contain evidence of potentially Keter-class SCPs must be quarantined at once.
SCP-982 is to be kept in a negative-pressure climate-controlled facility, and must remain closed and bolted except during approved exploration.
A perpetual chronometer is to be mounted on the wall alongside SCP-982, counting down an interval of 26 (twenty-six) hours and 15 (fifteen) minutes. SCP-982 must be closed no later than at 0 hours 1 minute 30 seconds, regardless of whether all exploration team members have emerged.
All exploration team members must receive dialect coaching and full-spectrum vaccinations before entering SCP-982, and undergo decontamination upon emerging.
 are to be considered potential biohazards and contained as such.
SCP-983 is completely safe so long as technicians handling it do so on any day other than their birthday. Should SCP-983 be presented to or handled by any individual on the yearly anniversary of their birth, they should immediately follow the sing-along guidelines contained in Emergency Kit 135r located next to the door to SCP-983’s containment chamber.
In the event the targeted individual fails to meet sing-along requirements, their remains are to be disposed of through standard methods. In the event the targeted individual meets the sing-along requirements, the following pieces of data are to be collected: Age, Color of Candy collected, Singing Accuracy obtained by the best judgment of those present, and the number of verses that passed before acknowledgment by SCP-983.
No candy obtained from SCP-983 is to be consumed by any staff without senior staff-approved containment procedures in place and written waivers filed and stamped by the consumer. This requirement is waived in the case of Class-D candy testing.
The facility where SCP-984 is located (hereby Site-48) is currently under the auspices of ██████████ Company, a Foundation shell corporation. The door to SCP-984 is to remain externally locked at all times except during experimentation, as are all stalls in SCP-984. Only Class-D personnel may enter SCP-984 without protective armor and a firearm.
No less than three Level-0 medical personnel are to be stationed at Site-48 at all times. Should SCP-984 become activated for any reason, these personnel must be called to SCP-984 to provide medical attention to any persons exiting SCP-984.
SCP-985 is to be kept under video surveillance at all times. Live-feed cameras are to be placed in all three sections of SCP-985's housing, and the feeds are to be under observation by at least one Foundation employee at all times. In the event that observation fails for any period of time, on-site reserve personnel are to be activated, and the area is to be placed under lockdown until containment of SCP-985 and any items produced by the SCP is reestablished.
SCP-986 is currently stored in the Anomalous Document Repository at Site-11. The contents of SCP-986 are to be examined for changes by research staff on a weekly basis. Any changes to the contents of SCP-986 are to be recorded by staff after notifying the Research Director. A list of SCP-986 messages and narratives can be accessed with the permission of the Research Director.
Preference for staff assignment to SCP-986 is to be granted to personnel with an educational background in literary criticism and/or cryptography.
SCP-987 is currently housed at Research Site-14 in an airtight 5 x 12 x 3 meter concrete-walled chamber encased in a Faraday cage. Continuous illumination is provided by conventional fixtures in the ceiling. Access is restricted to Level 2 personnel or D-class personnel assigned by Level 3 personnel. The chamber is to be constantly monitored remotely by thermographic and standard cameras. In the event that SCP-987-1 is not detectable by thermographic imagery, the site director and head of security are to be notified. Although it is probable that SCP-987-1 has vacated the chamber, a Containment Breach Alert is not to be sounded by personnel on duty unless expressly authorized by the site director or head of security.
SCP-988 is to be housed in a locked, unilluminated cell with no observation windows. It is to be kept in a latched state and secured with a padlock whose key is to be stored at a separate facility.
No experiments of any kind are to be performed on SCP-988.
SCP-989 is to be stored in secure Locker ███-██ in Site 22 until further notice. Secure Locker ███-██ is to contain an electronic scale, which is to report the current weight of the object at all times. Any change in the weight before testing and after testing that is +/- 1g beyond test materials removed is to be reported immediately, and Containment Breach protocols should be enacted. Level 2 clearance is required for research involving SCP-989, with written permission from a level 3 staff member.
Currently no containment for SCP-990 has been devised. Any personnel with suggestions for the containment of SCP-990 should report to Dr. ██████████. Any and all ideas are welcome, regardless of who suggests them.
SCP-991-1 is to be kept in a sealed container at Site-19. SCP-991-1 may not be stored if there is SCP-991-2 present. Access to SCP-991-1 for testing or use in interrogation/re-education requires the approval of a class-4 personnel.
SCP-992 is within a humanoid containment chamber, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. The chamber does not have any windows or natural lighting. Several potted plants are contained in the cell, and tended to by personnel. SCP-992 is permitted to request specific plants, as long as they are of a benign nature. Any other requests made by SCP-992 are to be denied. Animals may be exposed to SCP-992 under controlled environments, for testing purposes. Communication with SCP-992 is forbidden, and any subject who has been found to communicate with SCP-992 will receive a full anomalous evaluation. D-Class personnel are not to be used with SCP-992 testing.
Any broadcasts of SCP-993 are to be intercepted as detailed in Protocol Upsilon-Beta 3 and blocked from public viewing. All intercepted broadcasts are to be recorded and stored for future viewing. Any subjects used to view SCP-993 must be under the age of ten and are to be dosed with a Class A amnesiac after they have described the episode.
Viewing of SCP-993 must be authorized by three (3) Level 4 personnel.
The flock of SCP-994 is to be contained within a remote 50 square kilometer area in northwest Washington state, with housing provided within hangars 3, 4, 6 and 8 at Site-410. All SCP-994 individuals are to be fitted with radio transmitters broadcasting on Foundation-secure channels, as well as implants tied to an “invisible fence” network operating out of local cell phone towers.
The SCP-994 roosting hangars are be resupplied with food twice weekly (the standard plankton-enriched nutrient fluid is to be replaced with 25 head of cattle once per month), and cleaned on an as-needed basis.
SCP-994 are allowed free range within the containment territory: due to the special nature of SCP-994, sightings by the civilian population or minor breaches are to be treated as low priority. All incidents requiring action are to be dealt with by Special Intelligence Team "NUAOIS" (Northwestern Unknown Airborne Object Investigation Society).
SCP-996 is to be stretched to a 1 meter by 1 meter square sheet. It is held in place by four clamps on the corners and mounted on a frame. The assembly is locked in storage under standard security.
SCP-997 is to be stored in a standard containment locker while not in use. During testing procedures involving SCP-997, it is recommended that the object be left unplugged while not actively being tested. SCP-997 is to be tested only in a chamber that functions as a Faraday cage.
Area 998-Alpha has been established in a 20 km radius around the estimated event location of SCP-998. This area is marked as off-limits on all regional maps, and any civilian ships or aircraft attempting to enter the area must be waved off. A Foundation listening ship (currently SCPS Cerberus as of █/██/06) is stationed within Area 998-Alpha and tasked with monitoring local transmissions for evidence of an SCP-998 event.
SCP-999 is allowed to freely roam the facility should it desire to, but otherwise must stay in its pen either between 8PM-9PM for sleeping, or during emergency lockdowns for its own safety. Subject is not allowed out of its pen at night or off facility grounds at any time. Pen is to be kept clean and food replaced twice daily. All personnel are allowed inside SCP-999’s holding area, but only if they are not assigned to other tasks at the time, or if they are on break. Subject is to be played with when bored and spoken to in a calm, non-threatening tone.
All media reports related to SCP-1000 are to be examined for potential verifiability. All organizations and individuals investigating SCP-1000's existence are to be kept under surveillance by Mobile Task Force Zeta-1000 and discredited or administered amnestics. All physical signs of SCP-1000's existence must be retrieved and kept in Foundation custody, and replaced with decoy items if necessary. Alleged sightings of SCP-1000 must always be investigated by MTF Zeta-1000, however trivial the claim.
Absolutely no contact with wild or captive instances of SCP-1000 is allowed without prior approval by Director Jones. Any interaction between SCP-1000 and humans, including Foundation personnel, must be reported to Director Jones immediately.
SCP-1001 is to be kept at Bio Site-103, in a greenhouse reinforced as per Dangerous Organisms Protocol 12A. It is to remain rooted in the soil core, 9 m diameter x 4 m deep, in which it was removed from the site of discovery. It is to be watered and fertilized sporadically, as detailed in Document 1001-2. No object capable of producing hazardous sound (sonic weaponry, audio-based memetic effects, high-decibel infrasound, etc.) is permitted within hearing distance of Bio Site-103.
The object is to be fed 20 kg of Nutritional Supplement 1001-R-8 once monthly. The precise formula for Nutritional Supplement 1001-R-8 is detailed in Document 1001-2, but it bears repeating that the supplement’s protein content is not to be less than 40% by mass, and that all protein is to derive from pigs, dogs, or comparably-intelligent species. These guidelines may be altered as necessary when testing requires that SCP-1001 be hungry.
Bones, horns, and other hard tissues are never to be provided except as part of duly-supervised tests. All tests involving provision of hard tissue are to be preapproved by both Dr. Glastonbury and the current Security Director of Site-103.
